ep5
===

Daniel Brett: Hello and welcome to Steering the Digital Scholarship, brought to you by the staff of Brock University's digital scholarship lab. My name is Daniel Brett and I will be the acting captain today. So today we're recording out of a wonderful, nice new studio space here at. Very quiet. You'll see here are significantly less people walking in the hall and slamming of doors.

Bully for us. 

Tim Ribaric: Sorry. To the a SMR crowd that wants to hear the ding of the elevator in the deep background. You won't be able to hear that anymore. , 

Erin Daily: those videos are great to fall asleep too. Like just to defend the ASMR community. If you ever have a hard time falling asleep, just throw that on. It's great.

Tim Ribaric: All right. Making a note. Aaron is a bit weird. Go ahead Dan. Don't carry on. 

Daniel Brett: To start with, as is our custom, we. Learn a personal tidbit about our cast and we will introduce ourselves. Today we are going to be discovering what everyone's favorite ice cream flavor is. So I'll start with, I'm Daniel Brett.

Favorite ice cream flavor is Tigertail. . 

Tim Ribaric: Tiger tail. Tiger Tail. I don't know. Does that, it's like black licorice. 

Daniel Brett: It's gross. It is orange and black licorice. It's orange with these nice bands of black licorice. Oh, it's amazing. 

Tim Ribaric: But they really, what do you what? What do you say? What's your 

Alicia Floyd: answer? Mine is bordeaux, cherry, all the way.

Tim Ribaric: Borello, cherry, . . 

Erin Daily: Bordeaux. Bordeaux. 

Tim Ribaric: Cherry. Oh, Bordeaux. Yeah. That's a different word. That makes a lot more sense. Yep. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay. I've got the listeners perked up and now they're like, no, just . 

Erin Daily: Honestly, I don't eat a lot of ice cream. I've never really been a big ice cream person, but on the rare occasion that I do, I usually go with something that has cookie dough in it.

Not. That's 

Daniel Brett: my go-to, not an ice cream person. 

Alicia Floyd: Yeah, I know that's 

Erin Daily: a new one. I know it's a rare thing. Everyone's always like, how come you not like ice cream? What do you hate puppies too? It's no, like I just don't like ice cream. Oh, gross puppies. I know, right? . I do like puppies for the record. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, they just wanna love you and kiss you.

That's all. That's horrible. 

Daniel Brett: Puppies. All right, Tim, what do you 

Tim Ribaric: got? Now I was gonna say something silly does frozen water count because I don't eat ice cream because of the calories or something, but I don't know what my favorite ice cream is. It changes all the time. actually have you guys not all if you live Oh, no.

All of you should know. You guys know where the Avondale Dairy Bar is on? 

Daniel Brett: We might out there. That's great. Yeah. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. It's awesome. I love that place in the summertime. But you gotta go before 3:00 PM because the line gets super long. And forget going after dinner cuz it'll take you forever.

So the, if I'm asked what is my favorite ice cream? I think about going to Avondale and getting a vanilla milkshake. Nothing else, just plain up. And milk and it's delicious. So that's my answer to your question. Daniel. Vanilla milkshake. Vanilla milkshake from Avondale at the very 

Daniel Brett: least, 

Tim Ribaric: pineapple milkshake.

Come on. I don't know who you are. I dunno what these people are surrounding me. , no ice cream one way. And then pineapple milkshake. Oh gosh. Oh, it's good. Alicia likes bordello cherries or something. You know what? That was. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. Now that we've handled the introductions, let's let's go on to the main topic today.

Today we're going to be talking. about collaboration. So here in the dsl, we have done a lot of collaborations with a lot of different people and departments. That's our whole shtick is people walk in, we work with them to solve their problems. We are all about collaborating and it got me thinking.

What other untapped collaboration opportunities are there out and about, around not only our community, but the the general academic community. So I came up with a fun little game. So the next segment is going to be our very first game show segment, and it's going to be the collaboration game.

So the collaboration game, the rules are simple. I have two buckets in front of me, or one bucket and one amazing DSL mug with our lovely steering, the digital scholarship logo on it. Soon in a store near you, , 

Tim Ribaric: all 

Daniel Brett: proceeds go to us, yes, to our pockets. If you can find the store, it doesn't 

Tim Ribaric: exist.

We're gonna buy ice cream at Avon. 

Daniel Brett: Oh yeah. Company retreat, emphasis on the treat. 

Tim Ribaric: Z. 

Daniel Brett: Oh God. The rules of this game are simple. You will pull one piece of paper out of each container. Each piece of paper contains the name of a department here at Brock, of which there are many, some of which are very obscure.

This is great. You may ask for clarification on what the department is responsible for if needed. And we will have Tim describe it because earlier he said, oh fuck, I've been here for years. I know all the departments, so we're gonna, I think that's what I said, but sure, , we're gonna test his knowledge on that and if he can't figure it out, I'll just pull it up on the website and read the description so you will quickly emphasis on the quickly know Homan and Hying.

Tim, I know. You will quickly come up with a simple project that these two departments could collaborate on. Bonus points, if you can tie the DSL into their collaborations, but don't push it. That's that's just a fun extra step if you get an easy one. And let's just do an example here. So I'm gonna reach into our lovely buckets.

Oh, 

Tim Ribaric: you're welcome, asr.

Daniel Brett: All right, so hopefully I didn't grab terribly complicated ones for myself. Oh, that's one I'm familiar with. I definitely didn't stage this. The Center for Digital Humanities staged six. I have, I happen to have a degree in it. I don't believe it directly from the cdh. Wow.

And then the other one. Environment, health and Human Resources. So how would you make a collaboration between the Center for Digital Humanities and Human Resources? Simple basic collaboration. For example, digital humanities could help human resources work on making a new digital human resources exhibit of some.

the dsl working in collaboration with the cdh, which we do very closely, could provide the tools needed for this collaboration. And that's it. That's as simple as it needs to be. And then we'll put the used ones off to the side so that nobody gets a little. Boost from having heard it already. 

Tim Ribaric: So what are the odds that whatever we say will always end up being a digital project with the two 

Erin Daily: departments?

Odds are high. Speaking personally, I would say the odds are very high. 

Tim Ribaric: I think I see Alicia looking at the slips of paper, so I think Daniel, you should ask her to go next. Oh man. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay. I'll 

Daniel Brett: go first. All right, go for it. Pick two let's see what sort of collaborations we can come up with.

All 

Alicia Floyd: right, I've got from cup number A, grad studies, and from cup number B, number B, letter B, safety. So I have grad studies and safety.

That's a tricky one. No hemming and hing. Okay. Grad studies is typically focused on a lot of research based projects, so I would assume there would be some students interested in doing research on safety. Maybe it's in a specific field. We have a lot of different areas on campus that have some safety hazards.

I know there's some medical clinics and such that they probably have to deal with a lot of different issues in that regard. If they wanted to partner in terms of research, collecting data and trying to figure out exactly what safety precautions or what the issues are and how many people maybe are interacting in those areas, they could do and if we were to get on board with this, it would turn into a digital 

Tim Ribaric: project. ding.

Daniel Brett: And that's perfect. That's exactly . 

Alicia Floyd: I really wasn't expecting safety to be when I was thinking these were going to be all the academic. There is a Department of safety here at rural. There. There absolutely is safety. Okay. I know that they help with first aid and CPR certification as well, so there you go.

That's good. They could certify the grad students. Hey, there you go. And maybe they 

Daniel Brett: could promoting an initiative to have grad students not only come out with the knowledge from their grad studies, but. First aid training. It's a, an employable skill as well. That's right. There you go. There you go.

Easy peasy. It's not that bad. Boom. Wow. All right. Okay, next up Aaron.

Erin Daily: All right. I've got education. 

Tim Ribaric: That's another gimme . 

Erin Daily: Biological sciences. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, it's 

Erin Daily: so easy. . Education's sort of an easy one. It's just teach them literally anything. . 

Daniel Brett: Then try and think outside the box. Just because it's easy doesn't mean it needs to be simple. Okay. 

Erin Daily: Yeah, we go over here.

Biological Sciences and Education. I guess you could do. I don't know. Honestly, my knowledge of biology is really not great. I don't know what you do in biology. Let's, I haven't done about 

Daniel Brett: let's turn to Tim's massive knowledge of departments. . Okay. Describe biological sciences. The department, 

Tim Ribaric: biological sciences is different than the.

Biotechnology center for biotechnology. Those are two different things. Okay. I know that for a fact. Biology, if I, they study things like proteins and DNA and the effect of things from the environment on living things. There's a lot of feces in the digital repository, for example, that have a lot of work with Fruit fly larvae and mouse development and things.

So there you go. I hope that paints a good picture for you, . Yeah. I vamped as much as I could for you. 

Erin Daily: Sorry. Fair enough. Yeah. I guess when you think about education, it's not so much teaching, but more like teaching other people how to teach. Yep. This is how you break down something so other people can understand it.

So I guess. One thing you could do with education and biological sciences is teaching, or the education students coming in and showing the biological sciences students how to maybe break down some more complicated concepts. , create like a group study kind of thing. That's a really good idea because.

Speaking from personal experience, biology can be really hard. . , I was never good at science in school. And if you're in a program where biology is maybe a smaller component of your degree, but it's a component nonetheless, and you still have to, you still have to do it. Education could step in and say, here's how to make something that's complicated, a little less complicated, and how to break it down so it's understandable.

Daniel Brett: That's absolutely perfect. Like finding what each department, what their strengths are. And what their weaknesses are. , and then finding ways that they can cover each other's weaknesses. really like that. 

Tim Ribaric: All right, so everyone's staring at me, so I'll approach the buckets. Bucket one, bucket two, the justice program and tecum.

See Center for Aboriginal research. Wow. I think these are a. Easy tie-ins to one another, which is great. I think what the potential we have here is for particularly with the news about the TRC and everything being done in the community and the country for the move to reconciliation. It'd be very interesting to see if the if there would be a way, oh gosh, I'm gonna get into a digression here.

There's in the library community, we're big about describing things using controlled vocabularies to describe the way things are set up. But there's a, an initiative called Traditional Knowledge. It's called TK, is the short form for it. And it seeks to put these classifications around things that are come from traditional and indigenous communities so that we learn the appropriate ways to describe these things.

Items with traditional knowledge not affiliations, but traditional knowledge markers give example that these are belonged to a particular people and they should not be photographed, for example. So I think if I were to take these two slips of paper and look at them, I would think that we could bring the traditional knowledge or knowledge.

or awareness of the traditional knowledge project to this community that is the broad community through these two centers. And then that way we could create a digital project that uses the traditional knowledge designation of how these artifacts should be. Categorized and respected. And I'll end off by saying, I wish I knew more about traditional knowledge, the classification scheme, and I'll endeavor to learn more.

And I encourage everyone to listen that's listening right now in front of their computer to flip open a Google tab and search for the traditional knowledge project to see what I'm talking about or trying to talk about. 

Daniel Brett: And how would the Justice program be specifically helping, like it sounds a lot like Tecumseh and the DSL working together, but how does the justice program's expertise really factor into this?

Tim Ribaric: See now unfortunately I'm a bit unfamiliar, but what the Justice program is this having to do with the Social Justice Center or their Center for Social Justice? 

Daniel Brett: What we can 

Tim Ribaric: do, because if that's the case, I think the advocacy for the traditional knowledge Metadata scheme or however you want to describe it, would fit very much into the purview of what the Center for Social Justice does here.

I know they published a journal called social Justice ssj Studies and Social Justice, so I could easily see the kickoff of this digital project being tied into an article published in that journal. Ah, there you. 

Daniel Brett: Oh, right 

Tim Ribaric: from full circle. Okay, 

Alicia Floyd: there we go. Are you keeping points? Cause I'm pretty sure Tim's winning 

Tim Ribaric: next.

I gotta tell you, like next turn, I'm gonna be like, I'll pull the slave or pull the slip of paper that says toilet services on campus and fudge factory or something. And then 

Daniel Brett: I'm gonna be in real trouble, but, oh yeah. A Brock Fudge factory. I totally forgot about that. , that's down the hill, right?

Tim Ribaric: All 

Daniel Brett: right. All right. Let's. Let's see what we can do. I will take a, Ooh, that's a fun one. All right. These are some good ones. So I've got the president's office. Ooh. And sport management. Oh, they could have an initiative to get the president fit. Ah, . No, but seriously I think that the President's clout behind anything, any.

adds a lot of weight to that project. So the president's office is a gimme in that if they are collaborating with someone, it's automatically providing them the full weight of the president's social media outreach as well as any as well as any sort of physical presence that the the president has with that department.

Sports management. They do all sorts of sport related events and activities, and simply by having the president message about it or his office at least talk about it on their social media. That is a really excellent collaboration and that it's going to power them. Up in terms of viewership, and then if they can get the president himself to go down and maybe play a game of ultimate Frisbee or other sports.

I'm not very familiar with other sports than ultimate Frisbee lacrosse. Is that still a thing?

Tim Ribaric: The Sport Management Program, coincidentally here at Brock is a rather unique educational experience. We were, oh gosh, don't quote me here, but I think in early days we were one of the first sort of sport management programs, which is an interdisciplinary thing that looks at health aspects of sport, the business side of events, event planning, and the economic impact.

But then it's. It's housed in the Applied Health Sciences of faculty. Oh. So it's got a lot of interesting things going for it and I think it's a very 21st century kind of program and I think the president, if this collaboration hasn't existed already, cuz it sounds like such a natural tie in that the president would for example, the Steel Blade Classic that happens every fall where we have a fancy hockey game.

, between Brock and their rivals, whoever they happen to be for the year. I'm sure the president and the president's office, most of his staff probably attend that function. And you can make an easy tie in to advocating for the sport management program doing that. 

Daniel Brett: Absolutely. And your comment about sport management being.

The business side of things as well would really tie in with the president's office, cuz our president right now is a business guy. He comes from a business background, I believe, which would make it an even more perfect collaboration there. So that's a good one. I like that. Even the easy ones aren't that.

Alicia, got this? No 

Alicia Floyd: problem. So we're going for round two. Are we? Oh, absolutely. I'm going to the bottom cuz I feel like 

Erin Daily: you put some . 

Daniel Brett: I definitely didn't tough ones on top. I may have purposely put the most difficult ones on the bottom because I figured Tim of all people would be one of the diggers.

So you brought this on yourself? That was my nickname in high school. No. 

Alicia Floyd: Do you guys wanna go get some ice cream? ? Okay. I have disability services and information Technology services. Ooh. So I think this is actually a really good collaboration. Has a lot of possibilities. For example, there's a lot of technology on campus, all different types of technology and maybe not all of that is accessible.

If the two services work together, they can make sure that they're making that technology as accessible as possible. For example, installing different devices on computers that either in large print or allow for speech enabled text, that sort of thing, they would need to partner, obviously, one would need the other to do that project.

. , even just the accessibility of marketing on campus, just the signage and the proper texts and things like that. It's not always as straightforward as you might think. So I think there's a lot of possibilities for those two departments to work together. 

Daniel Brett: Sounds like you tied marketing in there too.

I should dig through the buckets and take the marketing department outta there. , you just pulled a triple . 

Tim Ribaric: I know the home listener can't see, but these buckets of paper are about the size of 20 gallon drums. Just so you know, we have to dip our half of our body and to get to the bottom of these things because there are just so many departments and things going on this campus that these.

They're literally barrels 

Daniel Brett: of paper. Keep in mind that one of these is a mug that we use quite consistently. . 

Alicia Floyd: We drink, like we drink a lot of coffee. Barrels of coffee in a large 

Daniel Brett: mug 

Tim Ribaric: keeps us going. Mug is another name for 20 gallon drum from where I'm from. Absolutely. 

Daniel Brett: You go. Okay. All right, Aaron, what do we.

Erin Daily: psychology. Ooh, interesting. And communications. Popular culture and film. 

Daniel Brett: Oh, ooh, that sounds like a fun collab. 

Tim Ribaric: You keep getting the academic departments, it's not 

Erin Daily: fair . Fun fact, in my first year of my undergrad, I wasn't totally sure about what I was doing and I thought about transferring to Brock for popular culture.

Alicia Floyd: Wow. Full 

Erin Daily: circle there. You go. And now I'm back. Here I am. I feel like there's a lot. About film and popular culture that you could examine from a psychological perspective? I know there's a lot of hype surrounding Ted Bundy right now, I guess because it's been 30 years or something since he was executed.

And the reason I think a lot of that is popular is because people wanna know. How somebody like that functions. Like how does a guy like that think, like what happens in his brain there? So I feel like that could be a cool collaboration, especially since it's so topical right now. . Yeah, I think there's a lot of potential for overlap.

So I'm trying to work the digital scholarship lab into it, 

Daniel Brett: but if you think. , your nickname that we definitely won't say on air . What could you potentially add to this using your specific skillset? 

Erin Daily: Any kind of visualization would work here. Like you could look at I don't know. 

Alicia Floyd: plotting the serial killers on a map.

And yeah, 

Erin Daily: that's always a, sounds like a really fun, uplifting, not at all morbid activity. 

Daniel Brett: Sign me up so you could take all the data that they acquire from their collaboration and then we can take it, make a big visualization for our up and coming visualization wall. , shameless plug, coming, whatever, coming this summer to 

Tim Ribaric: coming.

T d . 

Alicia Floyd: The interesting thing that Erin shared with me earlier this week are just the amount of data sets that are available out there. Yeah. She found some that are pretty amazing. Yeah. Do you wanna talk about 

Erin Daily: The Bachelor? A lot of it, a lot of it is based on pop culture. Like I found one about the Bachelorette and who's been eliminated and who won every week I found another one.

That showed all of the curse words and deaths in Quentin Tarantino movies. Oh, wow. And they're a lot like, I think, yes, it's Tarantino , but they also, they record how long into the movie it occurs. And I'm pretty sure somebody drops like an F-bomb, maybe two minutes into Reservoir Dogs. Oh, that's a fun thing.

Daniel Brett: And then you could tie the psychology into, Tarantino's mine. And why does he do what he does based on these stats? 

Erin Daily: don't know if I wanna know why Tarantino is what he does. , I think I'll I'll leave that one, but I'll leave that to the psychology students. Fair enough. Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: Wow. All right. That was good.

I like that one. Geez. Yeah. All right, Tim. Pressure's 

Tim Ribaric: on, oh gosh. I'm gonna get another sentimental one. I want you to fund one.

Daniel Brett: Ooh, you almost had the best one. . I can read it from here. . 

Tim Ribaric: Oh gosh, what did I miss? Oh, I can't see inside the 

Daniel Brett: barrel. Oh, I'm gonna take that for myself. Cheater , 

Tim Ribaric: definitely. Oh, no way. We're running a, we won't have time for another round of this sentence. Oh, fair enough. Fair enough. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. Who's running this one again?

I'm pretty sure I'm the Captivator. . . 

Tim Ribaric: So my two slips of paper, earth sciences and the student development. . Interesting. Oh, I wish this said geography cuz I can make it. I can make the spin work better. the Student Development Center in Earth Sciences. Okay. Picture this. The year is 2019. There are not other the students that are in the earth sciences department are having troubles achieving academically as best as they can.

So they need to collaborate with the Student Development Center to produce a series of tutorials that will help them reinforce their habits as students. But because they're Earth sciences students, they need to be clever with how they're gonna construct this. . What they're gonna have is a Godzilla themed student development center academic planning event where all the events will be under the theme of Godzilla.

And, sessions will include taking over Tokyo, not before you check your site your citations, and then Mothra on the prowl. You better get ready to write your thesis stuff like, I'm gonna walk away with my hands in the air in a victory pose. 

Daniel Brett: That was very visual. . I could definitely picture the advertising material now.

Oh, we've got time for one more, right? . 

Tim Ribaric: All right. Daniel, how about you? You've, you go ahead and since you've cheated and I 

Daniel Brett: didn't cheat, you nearly knocked it out of the bucket, but I'll grab a random one to go with it. So the one that fell out is interactive arts and sciences. I happen to have a bachelor's degree in interactive arts and science

Oh boy. What does that mean to the layman? Basically, it's game. If you take the stream that I did, 

Tim Ribaric: I hope the auditor doesn't review our process here because they will not find it above board 

Daniel Brett: as if we're gonna get audited. Oh, and this is a fun one. Conference services. Oh boy. Here we go. So interactive arts and sciences in collaboration with the Digital Scholarship Lab, 

Alicia Floyd: video game competition.

They're going to have took a smash. 

Erin Daily: You can make a lot of money being a competitive 

Daniel Brett: gamer. Unfortunately, this is an academic institution. In order to get funding, then we're gonna have to make it a little bit more games made 

Alicia Floyd: in house psychology, 

Erin Daily: the psychology of video games. 

Daniel Brett: What we're going to do is we're gonna hold a conference slash game design jam, a 24 hour nonstop game design jam in the conference space that Brock has a.

and it's going to be 24 hours of a bunch of sweaty nerds and nons, sweaty nerds. They're welcome as well, but they just generally don't produce as good a work. If they're not sweaty , they are going to all be crammed into a little room together, and then they're not allowed to come out until they have produced some sort of really neat game based on a.

Grabbed out of two random buckets that they're going to have to take those two themes, and then they're gonna have to combine them, almost like a collaboration into a game design project. And then they will create a game based on that. The DSL will supervise the locks to make sure they don't get out, and we'll provide Doritos and Mountain Dew so they do not die.

Tim Ribaric: As you remember that movie Anchor. Where he says to Steve, Carl's character, brick, are you just looking around the room and naming things that are in the room? And he says, lamp, . I love Lu. That's what Daniel just did. He just did. And I love Lamp. All right, Alicia, show him up and pull a couple names from the buckets.

Oh, we're still doing it. 

Alicia Floyd: I thought that was that last round. 

Daniel Brett: Final quick round. This is a speed around, yeah. 

Alicia Floyd: Aboriginal Student Services.

University Marketing and Communications. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, fix . How come you guys get all these great ones? And I'm stuck with the Fudge Factor.

Alicia Floyd: Alright, so Aboriginal Student Services is a really great resource here on campus. They have a lot to offer and I know that they've been partnering already with the library in terms of building a collection of resource. University marketing and communications. I feel like it's pretty straightforward.

Just promoting everything that's going on with ab we call it ABSs around here, but so you know what I'm talking about. There's been a lot of marketing I think that's going on in terms of the truth and reconciliation commission. , any events that are going on, they would partner. And even just every day, things like social media and the website, there's endless opportunities for Markcom to partner with all departments on campus, which I would assume and hope is already happening.

that's part of our mission here in the Digital Scholarship Lab. How would we contribute to that? . I'm not too positive. Any ideas? 

Daniel Brett: No worries. Let's just, I have to say ring the buzzer 

Alicia Floyd: and . I'm a really big fan of the Freddy Mercury, David Bowie style of collaboration. If you're familiar with the song, under Pressure 

Tim Ribaric: who's?

David Bowie and Mercury, 

Alicia Floyd: the Thin White Duke. They sit around, have a few drinks and come up with one of the most famous songs of all time. So I really like it when a collaboration happens where the two groups run into each other somewhere and have a conversation and then come up with the most magnificent collaboration ever.

So I feel like we should just get one person from every department on campus and throw them into the digital scholarship lab and see what happens. See what happens. , 

Tim Ribaric: lock them in there for 24 hours with Doritos and Mountain Dew. 

Alicia Floyd: Mountain Dew. And computers. And just, and computers go. Gotcha. . 

Daniel Brett: I don't know that they survive on Doritos in Mountain Dew.

Quite as well as game designers slash gamers do. Okay. Find wild ice cream. Ah, fair enough. Now they're good to go. All right, what's next, Aaron? Oh yeah. Tiger Tail. That's where it's at. 

Erin Daily: Accessibility. Ooh. And

continuing education. . Okay. So if I'm correct, continuing education is like after you've graduated, I know there's, I've heard the phrase continuing education, but I'm only like 80% sure of what it is. The good thing though is I think accessibility can apply anywhere. Making sure that your services are accessible to everybody.

. Yeah, I think , that's 

Daniel Brett: fair. That's good enough. Accessibility 

Alicia Floyd: applies 

Daniel Brett: everywhere. This is a speed round, so that is an acceptable collaboration. And I approve Yes. 

Erin Daily: Make sure you're, make sure everybody can get to your thing. Yeah. And everybody can 

Daniel Brett: use it. Keeping all your services accessible.

Yep. All right, Tim, final one. This is it. 

Tim Ribaric: This coincidentally, this whole activity reminds me of whose line is it is, whose line is it? Anyway, where Drew Carey pulls the little things out of the bucket, and then Colin mockery and rhines styles have 

Daniel Brett: to act silly. It's funny you should mention that because here the points also don't matter.

Tim Ribaric: Is that where you got the idea from? 

Alicia Floyd: Maybe. I hope you have a prize for the 

Tim Ribaric: winner. Oh gosh. Oh heck no. Brock International and Soci. I have no idea what sociology is as a discipline. I think it has to do with the way groups of people interact with one another. So that's the assumption I'm gonna make.

And Brock International is the portion of campus or the department that's involved with. Reaching out to different communities or different countries, communities in different countries in an attempt to get Brock's name out there and to recruit students from abroad. So what I'm gonna say 

Daniel Brett: is I have the description of the sociology department here.

That's too long 

Tim Ribaric: to read. I'm just gonna wing it. . Fair enough. Back to my ill conceived I'll conceive guesses as to what these two departments do. I'm gonna guess that there's not. International students in the sociology program. So what they're gonna do is take an international junket tour where they'll go to various destinations and international conferences involved with education and recruitment and set up a little banner from the sociology department, which has a nice visualization of.

Twitter data that we use text mining for, using the r slash python programming language that was marketed very heavily to recruit students international students to join the sociology program. And once all this is done, the Brock International staffers slash faculty members involved with the project.

Give a presentation at the DSL outlining their successes in making Brock the most attended school for sociology by international students in all of North America, according to a JD Power and Associate Survey from 2020. 

Daniel Brett: That's awfully specific and we'll let you us close that out on.

we'll close it out on that note. Oh my. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. , before we hang up the phone for the whole game show today, I just want to swing right back around to the Python workshop we had this morning. For those that weren't in attendance, and I know who you are Daniel ran a really interesting Python workshop this morning.

How did you feel all with it all? 

Daniel Brett: It was. I got to try out a new technique that I learned at software carpentry, and it worked swimmingly. 

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. And then Alicia and Erin, you guys were in the crowd with limited background with Python. Do you feel you're enlightened and you learned a good deal of stuff?

Yeah, 

Alicia Floyd: absolutely. It was presented in a really easy way to understand it all made sense and. The comedic factor just boosted it over the top. 

Erin Daily: Yeah. Killer jokes. 

Daniel Brett: That was actually the technique that we talked about when I was doing my software carpentry training. It came up in a conversation where you use icebreakers, whatever they may be jokes or little activities to encourage comfort in your learners.

and when they're more comfortable, they will be more likely to ask questions. And what I noticed, there we go. Psychology. Psychology. What I noticed during the session was as they got more comfortable and they were more relaxed with me as a teacher, then they started asking more questions and the questions got more and more detailed and I feel like they learned a lot more than if I had just been turing at them.

Erin Daily: Yeah, for sure. . Very cool. It's well done. 

Daniel Brett: So back to our collaboration. , that was very fun. . I thoroughly enjoyed that. It's great to watch people squirm. The goal of the game was to open up our ideas of collaboration. Collaboration doesn't always have to be about us. It could very well be us from the outside looking in, helping others collaborate.

So what we just did was we looked at different departments in Brock and thought of how they could collaborate with each other, and sure, if we can shoehorn ourselves in there, that's great. I want us to, us and our listeners to keep their eyes and ears open and anytime they see, hey, that's something that should be fixed, or a project that could exist if the right people worked on it together, I want you to take that thought a step further and say, who would those people be?

And do I know anybody that I could say, Hey, you and you guys could work together. Here's a problem that I noticed and make change happen just by noticing and. Telling the correct people can address it. So I really want us to think about that in the DSL because people are going to be coming to us with problems, and I want us to think not just of how we can help them solve these problems, but how Brock as a whole can help them solve these problems.

So that was the goal today, and I hope we have a bit of a takeaway along that vein. All right. 

Tim Ribaric: Boy that cleans up better than an afterschool special. Daniel, the more you know

Daniel Brett: All right, so onwards to our closing bits.

So coming up in the D S L, as we mentioned last time, we have a whole series of workshops coming along. Check out experience b e u to see what cool and exciting workshops we have coming up. I know next week we have Python two. Later this week we have R G I S, I believe. So that'll be very exciting. I recommend looking into those.

And does anybody have anything else to add before we close up? Nope. Cool. In that case, we will drop anchor here For today, all we're gonna say is . Contact us with any questions, queries, or concerns on our social media. We are on all of them. That matter specifically, Macedon, and Twitter, and Facebook and Instagram.

You know the others . Have a good day.


