ep6
===

Alicia Floyd: Hello, and welcome to episode number six of Steering the Digital Scholarship, brought to you by the staff of Brock Universities Digital Scholarship Lab. My name is Alicia Floyd, and I will be your acting captain for today. This week our theme is finding our place in the. . But first, I'm not sure if any of you have heard of these unboxing videos.

Are you guys familiar with the whole unboxing thing? ? 

Tim Ribaric: I make fun out of it half of the time, but then when I want to buy a new thing, I always make sure I watch the video that describes the opening of it. So same items? Yeah, it tortures me. Yeah, the 

Alicia Floyd: unboxing tortures me. So we're gonna do a podcast version of unboxing.

Today we have something for Aaron. See, 

Erin Daily: they were passing this box around and just referring to it as like the thing, the surprise. And I was like, I don't want, I don't know what to do. So I did what I usually do where I just don't say anything and assume that I'm just in on it. And if nobody questions me, then 

Tim Ribaric: oh my gosh.

Maybe do some more crinkling noises for you. 

Alicia Floyd: Yeah, I know we have to describe the inboxing since people can't see it. Box is complicated. 

Erin Daily: Oh, here we go. Okay. There's a. Here. I 

Alicia Floyd: see something pink. I love pink. 

Erin Daily: Oh, it's a mug. That's so cute. I love it. 

Alicia Floyd: Thank you. Do you wanna describe the mug? It's to our listeners 

Erin Daily: on the back it says Ms.

Biz, which is my nickname here. I'm just gonna put this down here. , 

Tim Ribaric: can you comment on how it's spelled? , 

Erin Daily: M I z space capital v I Z 

Alicia Floyd: Z. Superhero. That's 

Erin Daily: actually a good, like a good drawing of me. I'm impressed. 

Daniel Brett: It's yeah we have a very, it's very skilled artist that we have access 

Erin Daily: to also. 

Alicia Floyd: I love that I'm in like a little mini, I don't know what you would call this little 

Erin Daily: tugboat as a little tug boat.

You guys get to ride on the ship and I'll just, I'm just steering 

Alicia Floyd: my own little boat. Those tugboats are powerful. They pull the 

Erin Daily: chips. Yeah. And the little DSL flag. I love that. Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: I'm sure we can post 

Erin Daily: that 

Alicia Floyd: image out later. Absolutely. Absolutely. We'll post it to our Twitter. It's different bottom 

Tim Ribaric: the yeah, the image for the podcast episode too.

Put, we'll put it in album notes or the liner 

Erin Daily: notes. Yeah. No, I'm very impressed by how true to life this drawing 

Daniel Brett: is. We. We'll let our definitely paid contract artist know 

Alicia Floyd: that 

Daniel Brett: you 

Erin Daily: approve. Yeah, no, I definitely approve. I also like that it's pink. I love 

Tim Ribaric: pink. I imagine that. Definitely compensated artist already listens to this podcast.

So 

Daniel Brett: it's she has listened to some of them. , at least two . 

Tim Ribaric: Ooh, double digits the spirit. 

Alicia Floyd: Thank you for that version of unboxing. Yes, thank you. It's adorable. I love it. And onto our round table question.

Our fun round table question this week is if you were to have someone narrate your life, who would you want the narrator to be? And there is one rule, it cannot be Morgan Freeman because he is fully booked for the rest of his life. Ah, that was 

Tim Ribaric: so unfair. so psyched. I read the first half of that sentence and I said, Morgan Freeman, no.

And then I read the second half and it said, that's 

Alicia Floyd: a coppo. He's totally taken. Who would like to go first? Danielle? He's 

Daniel Brett: ready. Yeah this was an easy one for me 

Erin Daily: because, oh, you wrote it down. I didn't take any notes. Oh, 

Daniel Brett: yeah. I know what I'm doing. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay, guys, we're linking the cup. It's gonna come back.

I 

Alicia Floyd: didn't realize this was required, 

Erin Daily: like you had to make notes and, oh, 

Daniel Brett: no, I. The person I picked was David Attenborough. Oh, . He has a wonderful voice. I love, just like his very calm and relaxed way of describing even the most horrible, terrifying things in the world. He'll just look at, it's oh, and this is a poisonous snake that can kill this many people per year.

And if you look at it wrong, then you're going to die in 20 seconds. And he just takes anything that sounds awful and terrible. and makes it sound pleasant and nice. So I'm just like, yeah, that's what I want. I want my life to sound pleasant and then Nice. Let's do that. . 

Tim Ribaric: Can you give us an example of what it would sound like and what he would say?

I cannot , 

Daniel Brett: I really can't do David Attenborough's voice. I've got too much inflection. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. What would he say perhaps if he was narrating. My 

Daniel Brett: life . This strange young man who set out to live in a ditch in Europe at the age of 18 has miraculously landed himself in an excellent job with a beautiful wife.

A nice house and a fully paid off car in a span of four years, how in the hell did this 

Tim Ribaric: happen? That's my favorite origin story ever. . It's better than getting bitten by a radioactive spider . 

Alicia Floyd: That's awesome. I'm hoping that we're not all gonna have to give an example of our narrat. Yeah, I'm totally not prepared.

That's, yeah, that's a, and feel like I'm, Yeah, I've never lived in a ditch. 

Erin Daily: I'm still in school. I've got, it's two weeks. I've got loans up to my 

Alicia Floyd: ears. 

Daniel Brett: Two weeks in a 

Alicia Floyd: ditch. Doesn't count. Last time you told the story, it was two months. Just saying. 

Daniel Brett: I was backpacking for two months, only two weeks of that did I sleep in the ditch.

In the ditch. I stayed at hostels for the rest of the way. 

Alicia Floyd: Very good. Okay. How about you, Erin? I don't know. I, when 

I 

Erin Daily: originally read the question, my first thought went to Alan Rickman. Oh, cool. Because he has a really cool voice, but he's dead, so he's not available to narrate my life. We had the 

Tim Ribaric: technology to 

Erin Daily: bring him back.

Yeah, yeah, I guess you could, but yeah, so Alan Rickman, if I can choose anybody, but if I have to choose somebody who's alive, I feel like. I don't know. I went back and forth cuz I really love Patrick Warburton's voice. I just think it's really funny and he could make even like the worst parts of my life.

Hilarious. Just by narrating everything. . And then I actually also thought about Kristen Bell cuz she did all the narration on Gossip Girl. And I've also been told that we look alike . So I feel like if for some reason they were making a movie about my life, she could play me and then also narrate my inner thoughts.

So 

Alicia Floyd: that's what I'm, so it's like the perfect mix. Yeah, exactly. I like it. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. So if it was snakes what would he say? 

Erin Daily: Oh my God, I can't do Alan Rickman. I've actually been watching all of the Harry Potter movies like from start to finish, and every time I watch them, my boyfriend and I, we try to like, sound like Alan Rickman.

We try to do our best Alan Rickman voice and it's borderline offensive. Like it's 

Tim Ribaric: not No, I, I. I would've answered with the scene from Diehard where he reads the guy's shirt and says ho, ho. Now I have a machine gun, . I don't know if that corresponds to any. I really wanted moment in your 

Erin Daily: life. I was gonna say I should work hard to try to incorporate that moment into my life.

Somehow. Hasn't happened yet, but I'm still young. I could make it happen. 

Tim Ribaric: nice. All right. How about you, Tim? Oh, not me. Next. I was hoping I got to go last. 

Alicia Floyd: Do you wanna go 

Tim Ribaric: last? I can go next. Yeah, sure. If you have an 

Alicia Floyd: answer. I'm still working on mine. Yeah, so I made up this answer, but it was very difficult and I feel like most of my answers are always, a little bit of this and a little bit of that.

Like my pumpkin pie wasn't just pumpkin pie, it was cold pumpkin pie with no ice cream or whipped cream. It always has these little, I went back and forth on this one. It's a really serious thing, so I had to really, focus and I came up with a mixture of Sarah Conig, who is the investigative journalist on the podcast Serial.

Okay. Mostly because we're podcasting right now. So I thought I'd try to pull in this whole podcast. I really like her voice. First of all. I could listen to her and talk. She has a cool voice all day long, and I love the perspective she takes on things. , it just, she can change your mind about anything.

Ever. So hopefully she'd be able to do that if she was narrating my life, if people thought I was crazy or something mixed with, is that a concern you have the people I'm crazy ? No, not yet. Okay. We'll see what happens. So in the next few years, . So I would wanna take Sarah though and mix her with Mary Poppins, like Julie Andrews or Emily.

Quick question. Not Julie Andrews. Specifically Mary Poppins. I want, she's, I love Mary Poppins, and I like how when she's, if you think about it, when she's being really productive and bossy, it's usually via song. True. When you, we all start really working and being effective, then it's just in song, listen to song and happy and cheerful and very powerful as a well put together woman.

So Sarah Koenig and Mary Poppins. 

Tim Ribaric: So potentially if we would be sitting in the Ds. Starting getting ready for a workshop or something. Suddenly Daniel starts singing Spoon. 

Daniel Brett: Yes. I would be the one singing. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. That's it. I could see it too. Interesting. I'm sure other people in this room are classically trained.

Tim Ribaric: so Mary Poppin is the character, not the person that plays 

Erin Daily: Mary 

Alicia Floyd: Poppins. So like Julie Andrew's doing the Mary. I do Julie Andrews like doing the Mary. So it would have to be Julie Andrews. It can't be. Who's the New Mary Public? Probably Blunt. No, it's Julian Andrew's, be Mary. Fair enough.

It's very specific. 

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. Okay. And then I'll ask you the same question. What would be a typical thing that would be said by Mary Poppins slash Podcast or Serial? The original podcast that took over. . 

Alicia Floyd: Yeah, so that's the question. I don't think I can answer. That's why I have a narrator That's true.

Come out. I'm sorry. 

Daniel Brett: I can't, if we don't narrat our own lives, the narrator 

Erin Daily: doesn't. The narrator is, therefore 

Daniel Brett: we hire people for this. 

Alicia Floyd: You're just procrastinating Really is. That's not Julie 

Daniel Brett: Scribbling 

Tim Ribaric: notes furiously. She notes down and try to come up with a clever answer after following all these Very interesting.

Good. I was gonna, okay. I was gonna say maybe Charlton Heston because I'd like Interesting. The movie planet of the Apes, the original one from 1968, which has everything in it. Discussions about sexism, racism, speciesism. Time travel, all important components. But in the end of his life, he was not the type of person I would align myself with politically or socioeconomically.

So I came down to ultimately Hugh Dylan. Do you guys know who Hugh Dylan is? No. No. Oh, dang. I gotta explain it. Do you guys know who the band the headstones are? Yes. Yes. No. I do. Oh, I'm showing my age here and Alicia's showing hers too, I suppose by 

Alicia Floyd: knowing the answer to that. I only know because my husband's a little older than me ah, , 

Tim Ribaric: ah, I'm not showing my stinking.

Alright. There was a group from this area ish called the Headstones, and the lead singer was kind. Punk guy, but he had a very memorable voice and he ended up being a, an actor too. So have you ever seen the show Flashpoint or there was a limited series like a sort of a moody cop drama called Durham County.

He was the main character in that. But first and foremost, the reason why he came to mind was he was the character Billy Talent in the movie Hardcore logo. Have you guys seen. No. No. Oh, dang. Oh, for three? No, I gotta explain everything. You 

Daniel Brett: don't need to explain it. We get the idea. 

Tim Ribaric: Anyways, he's a, he was a NIST, sort of punk rock singer, and he was just angry all the time, but he had this sort of sharp crispness in his voice.

He was very burn, burn. And no matter what he was talking about, it made it sound like he was derogatory. So they're like, I've got a Big Mac. And it was bad news. So if I had someone narrating. life. It would be Hugh Dylan. Look Aun youngsters go to YouTube, type in hardcore logo trailer, and then you'll know exactly who I'm talking about.

Alicia Floyd: Will do. All right, so that's going to be one of our to-dos, the end of this podcast, . We'll 

Tim Ribaric: follow up. I like how my answers sucked the wind out of the room. Everyone was nice and happy until I tried to talk about something archaic. Lesson learned. 

Alicia Floyd: Nope, I think that this was a good conversation and I wanted to spark a conversation in this podcast about the idea of telling a story.

And I feel that narrators shape a story and our perspectives or perceptions and understanding of a situation. And they help readers find their way through a story. So right now it seems as though through this podcast we are trying to narrate the evolution of the dsl. So that's where I came up with that question.

I do have a follow up question. That will go around and answer quickly. You don't have to give a big ex explanation, but just share with us what you think. If you could choose a narrator for a fictional upcoming Brock DSL documentary, who would that be? My choice is David Suzuki. , what do you guys think?

That makes sense. 

Erin Daily: David Suzu. I'm more interested in the cast of this upcoming DSL movie. 

Alicia Floyd: Who's gonna play everybody else? Kristen Bell, obviously. Yeah. What about everybody else? 

Erin Daily: I think that's what we really need to talk about here, 

Alicia Floyd: uhoh. So we start to talk about the, oh. 

Daniel Brett: So who would narrate a DSL pod or documentary?

Erin Daily: My vote is still with Alan Rickman. I feel like 

Alicia Floyd: he can make anything. Yeah, 

Daniel Brett: if it's a documentary, David 

Alicia Floyd: Aden broke. Okay, so we're sticking with this. He's literally a 

Daniel Brett: documentary narrator. 

Tim Ribaric: Do you think the introduction of digital scholarship is what would change? The answer Is that why narration changes when it's considered under a digital scholarship 

Alicia Floyd: umbrella?

I thought that it might change and also. I guess when I was thinking about someone narrating the story of my life, it turned into something fictional, . So I think when I switched over to documentary, I thought it may change and become a little more serious. So I went from Mary Poppins to David Suzuki somehow.

Tim Ribaric: . 

I like before we got on a microphone, we were talking about SpongeBob Squarepants. I would really like to see something 

Erin Daily: do the SpongeBob voice narrated, 

Daniel Brett: have SpongeBob. A documentary on the DSL that's fitting somehow . 

Erin Daily: I feel like if you really reached, you could probably find connections.

Daniel Brett: DSL is quirky. SpongeBob weird. SpongeBob is quirky 

Erin Daily: and weird. SpongeBob is relatable to everything. That's why everybody. DSL 

Daniel Brett: is relatable to everything. Oh, it's you 

Erin Daily: go. Perfect. 

Tim Ribaric: I'm giving you back your mis biz cup. . Back with that one. 

Alicia Floyd: Alright, awesome. Thanks.

This podcast is one of the methods that we are using to form a narrative around the formation of the digital Scholarship Lab for the rest of the broad community and other academic institutions. So far, we have discussed the following topics, what is digital scholarship? We also discussed the fear and anxiety related to learning or using new tech.

Marketing a concept and marketing the dsl, navigating the creation and presentation of various workshops prior to opening and collaboration. All of these topics are ways that we as a team are finding our way in the world, or even shall we say, breaking new ground. All this talk about creating a narrative and finding our way leads us to how the broad community can take advantage of the DSL to create a narrative for their research or their different projects.

They're working. One of the tools that the DSL supports in partnership with the MAP data and GS library are geographic information systems or GIS workshops are offered on gis, our GIS Pro and ES story maps. I must introduce. you now to our special guest. Today we have Sharon Janssen joining us. Sharon is a MAP library associate and geospatial data coordinator in the MAP data and GIS library.

And is Brock University's resident expert on finding places in the world. Thanks for joining us, Sharon. Oh, thanks. Before we get started on talking about finding our way in the. . Earlier in this podcast, we asked a fun question, which I'm going to ask to you if you don't mind. Sure. If you could choose one person to narrate your life, who would that narrator be?

And it can't be Morgan Freeman. 

Sharon Janzen: Oh, okay. . I think I would totally go with Robin Williams. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I could use some humor. Good humor in my life. Yeah. . He is a 

Alicia Floyd: good character. Yeah, that's a good one. I like it. I wouldn't have thought of a comedian, but that's good. I. All right. So my first question for you today is how long have you worked in the MAP data and GIS library, and what is your favorite part of working there?

I've worked there forever, forever. For 

Sharon Janzen: all of time. For all time. It's been coming up to 23 years that I've been there. Wow. And it's been awesome. I love my job. I have so much fun with the students and researchers and faculty. My favorite part is probably when I get a reference question that is a bit tricky and takes a little bit of research and figuring out and I always seem to come up with a solution like I'm, I've got this knack for finding the 

Alicia Floyd: right answer, it's always fun when you can help someone out. A Yeah. That's awesome. So can you give an example of one of the projects that you've worked on? One of the exciting ones, oh, 

Sharon Janzen: One of my defining moments was probably, I don't know, I wanna say about 10 years ago. And I was playing around with a digital elevation model, so some 3D data, and I actually got it to drape in 3d and then I overlaid an aerial.

Database over top and then I put the campus buildings on top of it. So I had a 3D model of the campus with the garment showing and everything. And when I clicked okay to that final window and it actually worked, I was like, whoa, 

Erin Daily: So cool. 

Sharon Janzen: Miraculous creation. Yeah, it was incredible. And it was well before the time of creating 3D models and stuff like that, so I was pretty stoked.

But it. . Yeah. Anyway, that was one of my most exciting 

Alicia Floyd: GIS moments. That is exciting. Yeah. So have you been editing and adding to it as they add more buildings and change what campus looks like? 

Sharon Janzen: I could whip it up. In no time, like if it was needed because the database is constantly updated by facilities management and then I get the data from them and then I can extrude the buildings and make a 3D model.

That's how we printed the 3D models in the makerspace. Oh, really? and yeah, so I've got a couple of 3D models sitting on my desk based 

Alicia Floyd: on the D Oh, that's awesome. That I used. Yeah, it sounds like that would be something cool to display on the visual display panels in the DSL once it opens. totally.

Ah, put that on the calendar. . . Okay, let's see what else I'd like to learn from you today. Can you give listeners an example of some really cool student projects? Yes. 

Sharon Janzen: Every year we have a competition around g I S day in November. And one of the coolest projects that one of the students worked on was Kyle Rankin, and he now actually works for Esri Canada.

But Kyle did a project based on ice hockey analytics. So in ice hockey they collect all kinds of stats and information. And they have it in charts and all this numbers and things, but Kyle thought it would be great if you had a visual. So he created a whole GIS project around the on ice hockey analytics.

And he sh he, it was based on shots on net versus goals. So you have a, the map is basically the ice rink and it shows where the shots on net came from and which ones produce. 

Alicia Floyd: Wow, that's amazing. Yeah, so they can tell you right where to take the shot from. Yeah. 

Sharon Janzen: Where is the best angle and like for, and it's based on individual player and then by goalie you can identify, which goalie is strong and what areas and whatever.

But anyway his project was like a wow factor. That 

Alicia Floyd: is amazing. Yeah. And 

Sharon Janzen: I have one more example 

Alicia Floyd: I have to give. Yes, please. 

Sharon Janzen: Okay. This wasn't, I can't own this for Brock, but do you remember the movie Zootopia? Yes. Okay. The city of Zootopia Okay. Was actually developed using Esri City engine GIS software.

Yeah. Yeah. It is really cool. Go back and watch the movie again. Okay. And just admire the city. It's phenomenal, the cityscape. 

Alicia Floyd: So they made it literally in Esri, in the GIS product. Yep. Wow. Yeah, that's very. Okay, so homework. Everybody go home and watch Zootopia, , . So actually one of the things we're gonna talk about later in this podcast is applying GIS to subjects that you wouldn't necessarily think about.

So just to feed off my last question, what do you think about students in different subject areas is do you think that they could, someone say in English literature or visual arts or. , do you think that it's something that they would be able to learn and use? Oh, for sure. I 

Sharon Janzen: think so. One of the biggest kind of growing areas of, with using GIS in research is with history.

And I suppose you can, that's an easy one to identify because there's a lot of historical maps and things like that that can be displayed in the gis. But for something like literature or , you could plot the locations of throw a novel, say, and follow the storyline of a novel, and you could plot the locations that are identified.

We're actually working on a project based on a diary that was written in the 1900, the year 1900. And we're working with a class of and researchers to plot the locations that are mentioned throughout the diary. So it's. Right away a GIS kind of concept that you would, easily think of, but if something has a spatial component to it, it can be mapped and it can be analyzed and you can go further with it and create visualizations that you 

Alicia Floyd: otherwise wouldn't. That's amazing. I have a literature background, in my mind going through all of the books that I think, oh, that would work for that book and that book.

Yeah. That's awesome. Okay, so my last question for you today is, what are the benefits of using GIS in a research project? So the reason I'm asking this is I think I want people to think outside the box. So I think a lot of times when people are doing a research project, they write a paper or they, come up with maybe some sort of a visualization, but they might not think of gs.

So what are the. I think the 

Sharon Janzen: benefits of using GIS are number one, it offers a visualization of the data of the information and beyond. The visualization, showing a distribution of something. For example the location of all Brock students you might plot where Block Brock students are coming from.

And recruitment has done that and they've used GIS to analyze where to target their recruitment efforts. But beyond the visualization, you can do analysis and you can run various levels of analysis on that. to come up with other answers to other questions that, that the research brings 

Alicia Floyd: to light.

That's great. Awesome. Thank you so much. Before we end our conversation, I just wanna ask you one more question to go out with a bang. It's something that's been very controversial in our department, so I feel that if we leave you. It might cause problems down the line. Okay. What is your favorite kind of pie?

Oh, . . 

Sharon Janzen: Oh, I should have anticipated this. . You know what, I'm gonna go with pumpkin. Oh, 

Alicia Floyd: you are on team pumpkin. I 

Sharon Janzen: love pumpkin pie, especially lots of whipped cream. 

Alicia Floyd: Awesome. Yeah. Good. Thank you for joining us today, Sharon. Okay.

Moving on to our next round table, question and answer. And this, I decided to format like a game, trying to piggyback off of Daniel's sort of pressure test in our, 

Tim Ribaric: the bar. The bar he set. Very high. Yes. 

Alicia Floyd: For the rest of us, which is, it's tricky. We wanna keep everyone, on their toes and able to have a good conversation, yet scare you and make you nervous all at the same.

So for this question, I'm going to just give an example as well. So the question is, how could GS be a good tool to use in a specific area of study? . So when I was thinking about this question, I thought I wanted to think about something tough that maybe you wouldn't use GIS and mapping for. So I thought about music.

Brock University has a strong music program and studying music history is an important part of that program. So I reached out to a student who recently graduated with a Bachelor of Music and asked them if they had to apply GIS to the research and studying. They were. , would it have been helpful and how would they have done that?

So their suggestion would've been to create a map showing where certain music genres and styles were most popular over specific periods of time. So he would've wanted to put points on the map that showed where composers were born and where they lived, and that would've helped him to discover how location aligned with each composer's musical style, and to see the evolution of music through time and nation.

I thought this was pretty exciting and was hoping he might actually come in to do it. So we'll have to see what happens. Another more useful thing for everyday use would maybe be even just ticket sales. Mapping ticket sales. Who's buying tickets to what type of music? So that's just an example.

You guys clear on the test here. . . So how would GIS be a good tool to use for specific area? Erin, you're first up. Okay. Your subject is game design. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, yeah. Oh, we're told where to 

Alicia Floyd: apply it too. I'm being bossy about it. How did I have this one? And this, here comes Mary Papa's song.

That's good question. Why didn't you give this one to Danny? Come on that one. I switched them up. That's mean. Sorry. I know, because Daniel, you would just be like, boom. Yeah, you took game designs. I have six answers. Don't worry. I have a good one for you. Ugh. Yeah. Are you gonna give him like English language and literature or something?

I'll, it's like English language and literature is on the list, but I can't say who gets it. Oh boy. Okay, Erin. Erin has her degree in English. Oh, everyone put your thinking caps on. This is gonna be fun. See is payback game design. 

Erin Daily: I know almost nothing about game design. I know that video games they'll often take place in like real locations, so I feel like you could do a map of where some of the most popular video games are set. I couldn't tell you where any of them are set if you paid me, like there are video games that take place in the desert and some that take place in like more metropolitan areas. So I feel like that could be a cool thing if you.

Map out where video 

Alicia Floyd: games are located. See, I think that's a brilliant idea and Daniel is about to literally explore. I was gonna say, I can literally, I'm trying not 

Erin Daily: to look at Daniel cause I can see he's 

Alicia Floyd: cleansing his fist and like turning red. Okay. Go Daniel. Go. What? You can go ahead, chime in. What's your 

Daniel Brett: idea?

Oh no. Just things that are used. In game design, there's massive amounts of mapping and all that. And just based off of what you said, for example, there are a lot of games like the Call of Duty and the first person shooter type games. They take scans of locations and actual real world maps. And then they do like full 3D models based on scans that they actually do.

And then they build those, the game within those models that they've created. So they actually use GIS technology specifically the the scanning equipment that they use for data collection to build these 3D maps and then built their games within those maps. That's a thing that's already done and it's awesome.

Alicia Floyd: See, that's just how awesome it. Good examples. So we might as well switch over to English language and literature. Tim it's you, . Come on. Alright. So when you're about to explode, you can chime into, , 

Tim Ribaric: I hope there's a question about library sciences that you'll answer and I'll have to my, that'll be my opportunity.

Alicia Floyd: I know I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get paid back later. Next podcast. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. So let's to stall and vamp for time. I'm gonna try to clarify what's being asked of me. Sure. So I need to come up with a way that I would apply a GIS methodology to the study of English language and literature. Exactly. Okay. What I would do is create a heat map.

Of the evolution of genres as they evolved over time. So let's say science fiction, for example. I draw a big dot when Arthur, wherever Arthur or c Clark was born. And I would also draw a big dot where Isaac Asamov was born. And I don't know who else is a big those are the big ones. Oh. And Hyland take those three, draw big dots and then map out their influence as a heat.

Pulsating forward into the publishing history. So I know the two English literature graduates in the room will probably look down their nose at genre fiction, but I'm going to apply my GIS to science fiction, the most genre fiction of them all, and that is my final answer. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay. Very well thought out.

It's almost like you knew this was coming . Don't say that. Awesome. Aaron, do you have any follow up on that or are we 

Erin Daily: good to go on? I think, I don't look down on no. I don't look down on genre fiction at all. All fiction counts. We don't look down on anybody in this house. But when you said English language and literature, my first thought went to Shakespeare because I love Shakespeare.

Unpopular opinion. I know everybody 

Alicia Floyd: hates Shakespeare, but I love it. No, I love Shakespeare. Also . 

Erin Daily: So I thought about mapping out. Like where a lot of his plays take place and as like he continued to write plays, if he went further away from certain areas or went closer. So that's what I thought of, but I think the science fiction thing is very cool.

I like that. 

Alicia Floyd: Awesome. Neat. Very cool. Daniel, your subject is Women and gender studies. 

Tim Ribaric: Lovely. Oh wow. I just to assure the listener at home, the microphone is still on. There's just there's wheels turning, that's all. Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah.

Alicia Floyd: It's a bit of a tricky one. 

Daniel Brett: It's awful that when I think women in gender studies, I think of the negatives that are going on in our world where. Women get paid less, women get mistreated, that sort of thing. So you could very easily do like a heat map of a country showing. Wages, like the average wage for a woman in various cities, various countries or provinces within that country versus other countries, that sort of thing.

You can collect all sorts of data just on, on that right there. 

Alicia Floyd: Sure. Yeah. I think there's a lot of different statistical things you'd be able to apply to this. One thing that came to mind when I was thinking about that is we actually had the founder of the hashtag me too movement come to Brock and speak.

And that's cool. Tim is also he really enjoys Twitter, so I thought it would be neat. Cool. Wait, if we could if we could map the tweets for the hashtag me too movement and actually see. You know where they were coming from and if there were some patterns there. But anyways. So thank you guys for participating in today's pressure test.

Oh, wait a minute. Oh, you have more? 

Tim Ribaric: No. You didn't answer the question. 

Alicia Floyd: No, I did. I gave my example. Her was literally the first one. Was it the first? You were taking notes 

Daniel Brett: when she said, I'm going to give an example and then she gave a glowing example for us to 

Tim Ribaric: build up. That's no fair cuz she wasn't put on the spot, but, 

Alicia Floyd: oh, okay.

You can put me on the spot next to you. So 

Daniel Brett: she's the captain. She doesn't have to 

Tim Ribaric: get put on the spot. Yeah. There you. Okay. Alright. But I enjoy subordination. . You mean insubordination. That's the why. Oh man. 

Alicia Floyd: Moving on to question two. We often interact with GIS in our everyday lives, but don't really think about it or think about how it works or how it's benefiting us as a tool.

So for our listeners out there who maybe feel like they have never interacted with any. System like this or won't in the future? I thought maybe we could give some everyday examples. So one that I came across quite a while ago that I'll use as an example, is one that I found on the Niagara Regional Police Services website.

So don't ask me why I was on that website, but I was. And I found this map that actually tracks every single crime that happens in the Niagara region. And there's little icons that represent different types of crime. And you can zone in on your neighborhood specifically, and it's, it only goes back six months, so you can't see all of the historic crimes.

I think that the map might be a little too full for that, but I found it really interesting and I didn't realize that they were doing something like. and you can see everything, and you can go in and click on it and find out exactly what happened and what the crime was and it's just a really interesting way of informing the community about what's going on.

That's one of mine. Do you guys have examples of when you've come across tools like this that people might use in their everyday world? 

Tim Ribaric: I have an example that's it's based in literature. Look at this. We're making callbacks to everything. As you guys may have noticed or perhaps not in my office, I've got a map on my wall and it's the infinite map and it's the map of all the places that were referenced in the novel Infinite Jest.

So if the listener at home has read the novel they know that it's a large beast of a piece of prose. It's 1100 pages and, 300 of those pages is footnotes that reference other footnotes, but approximately, oh, there's a few hundred locations referenced in the novel. Someone went through the process of putting those on.

So if you look at it online, it's an interactive tool and you can goof around with how all the places are connected and then view actual, like real life pictures of what is at those locations. And I must say most of the the locations are in the city of Boston and Massachusetts in the surrounding area.

The. The online version has got like this interactive thing, but the map that I have in my office is all the, is a stylized version of the map, and it's totally just a map of fake places projected onto the real globe. I stare at it lovingly every once in a while, whenever I wanna remember the novel and the places and things that happened 

Alicia Floyd: int it.

That's awesome. I do love it when I open a book and there's a map in the front that I have to refer back to over and over again.

Erin Daily: I don't know that I've seen any I've seen examples on CP 20 fours website, similar to the one that you were describing where they do the same thing with current, car accidents that have happened in the Toronto area and these parts of the highway are blocked off because there was a big accident that kind of.

So I've seen those here and there. I can't think of anything like what you talked about. I know I've read books before too, where there's a map at the beginning that I have to refer back to and I don't know if I enjoy it quite as much as you, cuz then I just have to flip back and I'm like, wait, what are we talking about?

And it's bookmarks are for. . Yeah, but not while I'm actually reading. Like I just wanna, I just want a constant reading experience. It's oh, go back to the map to know what the hell 

Alicia Floyd: is going on. It's the whole reason that I wait a minute, Cobo. Because in a Cobo you can't really go back. Not easily.

Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. How about you, Daniel? 

Daniel Brett: I've got a couple examples of like daily uses of gis. Awesome. , neither of which are quite as deep as yours. Like one of them is your gps. Do you? Exactly. We use your GPS to navigate anywhere, ever. Guess what? You're using gis, . Do you book a flight using like an interactive map?

You're using gis or What I use GIS for on a daily basis is for selling my personal information to Google. Because I, I have that Google Rewards app and they say, Hey, I noticed that you were at this location. Were you at this location? And I was like, yes. I was there. How much money did you spend there?

This much money. I used a credit card and they're like, here's 10 cents. And I'm like, yes. I got 10 cents noise, . And I made over 37. Wow, 

Alicia Floyd: you're making with for 10 cent at a time. That's that's impressive. That's pretty good. And it's, 

Daniel Brett: I like it. It's not real money. It's Google Play credits. So you use it to buy apps.

Or in my case, I use it to buy items in Pokemon Go, which is another GIS application. . 

Erin Daily: That's actually 

Alicia Floyd: true. I didn't even think about that Circle. I love it when they 

Erin Daily: become Call Circle, but boy do I buy a lot of useless place. Pokemon Go's still a thing. Like I know one person who still plays it and they like post on Facebook all the time.

Ooh, I just caught a Charmander. There's a very active, I've done this in a year. 

Daniel Brett: Brock Pokemon Go Chat. They're. Really, like they say, skip your class and meet me at the wolf statue. It's you mean the one in the middle of the field? It's yeah, there's a level five rate going down. It's no

How about, no, there's only three of us here. We need five people. 

Erin Daily: It's Uhhuh. I wanted to join Pokemon Go so I could find out which team I was on because I don't 

Alicia Floyd: know, I like labels oh, you 

Daniel Brett: can change your team now. They just added the thing that let's the switch. Huh. But you can only do it once per year.

Alicia Floyd: Is this side note though? Wolf statue? Yeah. Is there a wolf statue 

Erin Daily: on this? There? 

Daniel Brett: The thing that looks like a giant bumblebee in the middle of the circle. That's the wolf statue. 

Erin Daily: How does it look like a wolf and a bumblebee at the same time? Those are two very different . Hey, if you've 

Daniel Brett: ever seen Brock's mother wolf statue or whatever it's called, it looks like a bumblebee, but it's a wolf 

Erin Daily: statue.

Alicia Floyd: No. I'm curious. This is another to-do. We're all taking a hike out to the wolf statue . 

Daniel Brett: We could probably just see it from the window. Actually, this prompt over, we're 11 floors up right now. That's 

Tim Ribaric: true. Bar corner office. This is for research . We haven't on the window. 

Alicia Floyd: Awesome. Thank you guys very much for helping us find our place in the world today, and we will move on to our upcoming events.

We have lots of workshops on the go still for the dsl. The DSL has partnered with the scholarly communications working group here at Brock, and we are offering a four part brown bag series, which means bring your lunch on all things scholarly communication. It's all coming together now. 

Daniel Brett: Everywhere it's saw.

Why do 

Tim Ribaric: they leave Brown? Brown? What does that mean? It's not a generational thing because I knew exactly what that meant. Do the kids not put their lunches and brown bags in it? Maybe like a couple of lunch. There's 

Erin Daily: a hole in the ozone layer. We don't 

Alicia Floyd: use brown bags. Yeah. This is going back to our past conversations about how much waste it actually, or what it does to the environment to.

Reusable things instead of using paper. Yeah. But anyways, so yes, please bring your lunches. I encourage everyone to visit experience, bu brown bag , and sign up. So our first lunch, our first workshop is tomorrow. So sign up for that. That's the Brown Bag series. On February 28th, Erin is hosting open.

On March 4th, Erin's also hosting Power bi. And on March 13th, Daniel is presenting on an introduction to R. For a full list of workshops, visit brau ca slash library slash dsl or visit experience. Bu looks like it's time to drop Anchor here. If you wanna touch base with us about how you can find. About your place in the world.

Drop us a line@dslatbrock.ca or find us on any social media platform available.

