ep8
===

Tim Ribaric: All right. Welcome to episode eight of Digit 

take it from the top. 

Alicia Floyd: It's past. 

Daniel Brett: We're 

this at two. Lose the 

energy 

at,

Tim Ribaric: here we go. 3, 3, 2, 1, 3. All right. Welcome to episode eight of Steering the Digital Scholarship. I'm Tim, your captain for the episode. As with me always is Alicia and Erin and Daniel. All right. Now that we've been around the podcast block for a few episodes, we're gonna take a moment to get pretty meta.

We're going to look at the podcast and why we are doing one. We've invested some time in a teeny, tiny bit of money into putting this together and at this point so it is fair to say that we have an inform opinion on it. Alright, so I, I. Started this conversation off talking about why podcasting and podcasting, I don't know, some might consider it a fad these days.

So to get us more in the shape of mind of talking about fads and podcasts, maybe being one. Erin, can you tell me about your favorite fad when you were growing up? 

Erin Daily: Okay, I'm going first. This was hard for me to think about because I didn't really know the difference between what would be considered a fad and what would be considered.

Just something that I liked growing up. So I did some research and I spoke with a focus group and I've come up with Beanie Babies as my, 

Tim Ribaric: that's a good one growing up. Yep. 

Erin Daily: My sister and I, between the two of us had I don't even know how many, like we had a million Beanie Babies and we were the kind of kids that took the tags off the ears though, which I guess it to be worth any money.

You're not supposed to do that but yeah, cuz we didn't really like, like we actually played with our Beanie babies. Like they weren't just. Toys on shelves that like could be worth a lot of money. Money. 

Tim Ribaric: There were investments that you guys were thinking. 

Erin Daily: Okay. Because was an investment into our happiness when we were younger.

So yeah, I would say Beanie Babies was my big thing when I was little. 

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. Interesting. Okay, I'll throw it over to you, Alicia. Next. What do you think, what was your biggest fad growing up? 

Alicia Floyd: That was, this was a tough one for me too because I was born in the eighties and growing up in the eighties and nineties, I feel like almost all of that time period was all fads, the more I looked things.

Yeah, fair to say. Fair to say. Yeah. Think of it. I was in this weird wor weird world where I grew up with female cousins half the time, who were older than me, who were teenagers, and then I had male cousins the same age as me. So for toys it was typically weird, action figure toys that were popular at the time, but I'd say.

The number one thing was fashion. So I really liked having my hair crimped and wearing neon and jelly shoes and snap on bracelets. So just your stereotypical eighties snap on bracelets were ambitious. My sister and I used to just beat each other. Yeah, they were, my parents stopped buying them. You don't wear them when you're with the male cousins for sure, because they would attack me like crazy.

Yeah. But yeah, if they had crimper for sale today, I would probably buy one crimper 

Tim Ribaric: for sale. Hair crier. Shake the archives. Okay. 

Erin Daily: Would you crimp your hair for work? 

Alicia Floyd: That's I would totally crimp my hair for work. 

Daniel Brett: What? What does that mean? What does a crimp hair? 

Alicia Floyd: It makes your hair like zig zigs. Yeah, we're both like lightning straight on our hair right now. 

Tim Ribaric: It doesn't really work for the home audience. Alicia, it like makes it wavier. Erin are doing pretend scissors with their hair. Yeah. Okay. All right. So Daniel, what's your call? What was your favorite fad when you were a youngster growing up? 

Daniel Brett: It was hard for me to think about until I joined Erin's focus group.

And then it really hit home that the thing that I enjoyed most, I had to go way back to like grade one or two. It was called Crazy Bones. Oh man. Crazy Bones. Those were the most deadly, but most fun little pieces of plastic you ever did see. And the whole point of them was you have different ones and they're different shapes and you have to throw them at the wall and you have to get yours to land closest 

Tim Ribaric: to the wall, kinda like marbles.

Oh, okay. 

Daniel Brett: And then you have the big ones that you throw to knock other people's away from the wall. Oh, we had so many crazy bones. And then eventually then me and my brothers, we ended up being like the crazy bone masters on the schoolyard and then it fell out of. Fashion at our school because we won them all from the other kids by doing like playing for keeps and then we just whip them at 

each other at 

home.

Erin Daily: Seems like all these facts can just be devolved into weapons. 

Daniel Brett: Yep. Yeah, you throw hard pieces of plastic at each other, 

Tim Ribaric: just beat each other with them. I just wanna take a moment to bring you a message from our sponsor from this week's episode. That's crazy. Bones. The Bones that are the craziest. If you wanna get crazy bones, you gotta get 'em on the on the playground.

Talk to our affiliate Daniel Brett. He will get you crazy bones. 

Daniel Brett: We still have a couple. They're really beat up because you throw them at brick 

walls, , it's like the whole game. 

It's a clever marketing model cuz they get wrecked and then you have to buy 

Tim Ribaric: more just like vinyl records. Everyone knows what I'm talking about.

You throw them at the wall and then you buy more. That's right. Records are for you. I've seen Sean of the Dead. I know what you're talking about. No, that's talking about zombies. Totally different. . I had probably a lot of answers for this, but the one that sticks in outta my mind the most is pogs.

You guys remember cogs, right? 

Alicia Floyd: Say pogs are, I was actually eighties beanie or eighties bones. Yeah.

Erin Daily: I was actually looking through a list of just all these fads of the two thousands, cuz that's when I grew up. That's another thing with fads. Like I was born in the nineties, but I wasn't really paying attention to what was popular or cool until the two thousands pugs, those plastic circles from that come in.

Potato chip cans. 

Yeah, 

cans. I don't know. Dunno. You buy, they were a little plastic, like carrot, the good ones 

Tim Ribaric: you buy. Yeah. Yeah. They were supposed to be like old-fashioned milk caps. So before they were like commercialized into a game. There used to be little milk caps, like back when milk was delivered to your house and glass bottles, they would have a cover on it and that little cover you could take off and use that as a game to, fling around and stuff.

But pogs were the industrialized version of those caps where you would buy like a pack of these little cardboard circles that ended up getting. supremely expensive for rare ones. And then you'd have to get something called a slammer, which was a heavier one that was made out of plastic or metal. So you'd stack up all the pogs label side up and then you'd throw a slammer at them.

And if you flip them over so that they were label side down, you get to take those. So very much a riff on crazy bones and marbles, and it's also a destructive fad , because you started whipping that, that slammer, those pugs would get scuffed and scratched. And I have a bunch of APOs that are all scratched.

I love ALFs so much, so I was slamming 'em with the slammer. So Alf like the terrifying alien. I love alien life form 

Alicia Floyd: from Melmack, my initial spell out. So do you have like a personal connection to help then? It's like kinship. I remember pogs, I just, I feel like by the time I was like old enough to get it and play with pogs, they were they were 

Tim Ribaric: done.

So already past their prime, eh? Yeah. I got a basement full of pos, my retirement pos, they're gonna come back and style again in another 50 years. Then I'm gonna cash in. Let me tell you,

thanks for the digression into fads now. Let's, now that we're all primed and in talking about embarrassing things from our pasts let's think about an embarrassing thing from our past, just from a few weeks ago when we started recording this podcast. Now, on a scale of one to 10 bananas, how would you score your opinion of podcasts?

And I'll ask Scalia first this time. 

Alicia Floyd: All right. I guess in general I would probably give podcasts an eight. Bananas, . I've listened to some podcasts that are pretty rough and some that are amazing. So I guess it just depends on which ones you're listening to. I think I prefer the ones that are well thought out and planned and isn't it just a bunch of people sitting in a room talking about nothing?

Tim Ribaric: Hey, wait a minute, , 

it sounds awfully not referring to our podcast. I feel like we resemble 

that remark. , 

Alicia Floyd: that's a little close to home. No, but I would say eight 

Tim Ribaric: bananas. Eight bananas. Okay. How about you, Daniel? On a scale of one to 10 bananas, how many would you give? That's 

Daniel Brett: Before we started doing the podcast, I would've said like Zero bananas.

I did not like podcasts and they just weren't for me. Now that we're doing them, I'd say two bananas because I enjoyed doing two bananas. I enjoyed doing the podcast, but I still don't listen to them. . It's just me Personally I'm not a fan of podcasts, but I do enjoy doing a podcast, which is a whole two banana.

Tim Ribaric: Try to circle that square. My, I don't like podcasts, but I like to be in a podcast. 

Alicia Floyd: My eight plus year two equals 10. Hey, we got 

Tim Ribaric: 10 bananas. Still not a passing grade. 20 . It's barely scraping by Erin. 6% is passing. Depends where you're, all right. Erin brings some sense to this conversation.

On a scale, one to 10 bananas. 

Erin Daily: I probably go with the higher end of the scale too, like maybe an eight or nine bananas. Before I started doing this podcast, it wasn't that I didn't like podcasts, it's just that I didn't really get them. I was why? Why listen to just a bunch of people talking about something.

I guess if it was something that you're interested in, then I could see the reason for that. But until this, I didn't really get podcasts. It wasn't that I didn't like 'em, I just didn't get 'em. But now that I've been doing this and listening to podcasts more on my own time, I realize that it's about finding something that you're interested in and something that you know, you have your own opinions about.

And podcasts, I think are a good way to hear what other people think. And it's a good way to hear somebody else's opinions about something that you may already know a lot about. Somebody that you may not have, encount. in person otherwise. So yeah, I'll give 'em I'll give 'em nine bananas. 

Tim Ribaric: Nine bananas.

Okay. I was gonna mark you down for eight and a half, but you're rounding up generously to nine. That's great. So we're back in we're back in El Weta, c plus at grade going here. We might make it better with my answer and I'll give my answer next. On a scale of one to 10 bananas, I give an answer of 40.

That's how much I love podcasts. 10. Wow. So way back and now bear with me talking about fads and whatnot. My parents used to have a set of cassette tapes that were detective stories from the 1920s in the radio. Oh. I used to have something similar to that and I always used to love listening to those.

Put 'em in the tape deck for, children at home, the millennials listening. You'll have to Wikipedia search up what a tape deck is and you'd plop 'em in. And there would just be these rip roaring gentlemen from the 1920s going through these weird detective stories where they have to narrate everything.

So they would say stuff like, I'm pulling the gun on you now. And the other guy would say, no, don't pull the gun on me now, because, it would be all auditory, which was great. So the whole audio storytelling vibe for me started back then and when podcasts made a real surgeons with, serial.

Season one you love series. I was in my prime and I spend most mornings jogging. And that's my podcast time. Don't no one come at me during my podcast time. So once again, one to one to 10 45. And accumulating all our scores. Just checking with the scientists. Our final score is a pass. Uhhuh. . We definitely have a pass.

All right. Audio 

Erin Daily: seatings are kinda like, sorry, a an early version of podcasts. My parents used to do that if we were Oh, that's an early version of audio books. Yeah, I guess so. But we would, it's a podcast if we were driving to Ottawa, cuz like my parents, they have a lot of family in Ottawa and we'd go every year at Christmas and to make me and my sister be quiet in the back.

They put in like this audio CD of just somebody like telling a story. So I guess that's pro typical podcast. I had them on record on. Audiobooks. I'm all for the vinyl cafe. I grew up with Vinyl Cafe. I love Vinyl 

Tim Ribaric: Cafe. Now, that's just a structured podcast. No, that is an audiobook. structured podcast.

Structured podcast. It is a script that they are reading, which is most podcasts, like right now, we're reading from a script Very precisely. Turn the page. All right. Onto the next one. That's not a real page, . Okay. Now this is for all the marbles. So we talked about bananas and crazy bones but now this is for all the marbles.

Now would you do it all over again? For example, if there were no episodes of the show and we were about to press the record button before we started episode one, would you say, wait, stop. Yes or no reasons why, Daniel, you're first like, yeah I'd 

do it. I I enjoy the podcast. It's fun to do. And if I was doing it again with the knowledge I have now, I feel like we would've just done it 

better.

we are doing it better. Each episode gets better than us. Exactly. But we could 

have started with the quality we have at this point, at the beginning. And I feel like, yes, 

absolutely. I would do 

it again, plus more with the future knowledge we currently have. 

Interesting. And ladies and gentlemen, I know you want to check your notes, but he did score two bananas out of 10 for podcasts.

Just so you know, I gave my reasoning . All right. Erin, same question. What do you Yeah, 

Erin Daily: I'd do it again. For the same reasons as Daniel, I think going back with the knowledge that we have now would be interesting. But I think even with the knowledge we have now, there's still so much to learn about podcasting and coming up with things to talk about and interesting things to talk about and questions to ask and stuff.

So yeah, I think even with the knowledge we have now, there's still a lot to learn going forward. So yeah, I'd do it again. 

Tim Ribaric: Great. Alicia, 

Alicia Floyd: when I first thought about this question, I thought my initial answer would be no, just because. , I'm microphone shy. But there's been so much that I think has come out of this experience and it doesn't just, it's not just constrained to the podcast itself.

It's growing as a team is one, it's one way that we've really gotten to come together and get to know each other. And also we have to think outside of the box. This has forced us to think about different things we wanna address in terms of digital scholarship, different ways to talk about that, different angles to take, and all around.

I think it's just made us grow and move forward and maybe we wouldn't have done all of that thinking if we hadn't have been in this situation. So I hope that we do move forward with it and continue to grow and in a couple years, look back on our episode one and compare it to our episode 47 and see how amazing, crazy we've become

Also just in doing research about digital scholarship and digital scholarship labs in Canada. They're really new and developing. And. already as Tim's gonna share, we've made some pretty great connections and it's a great way to just share your information. I've listened to some other podcast, the one that you're probably gonna mention today for our guest speaker, and there's some great information in those.

So it's been a 

Tim Ribaric: benefit for sure. It it warms my heart that everyone has the same answer to this question. And I'll go and say, yeah, I definitely will, would do this again. Sometimes I feel when I put an episode together and post it online, I think, oh, the audio quality, right there is a perfect example.

Probably could be touched up or cleaned up a little bit more and, why aren't we recording in a studio and all sorts of things like that. But those are small concerns compared to the bigger picture. I think we've reached a lot of people. Had conversations with some people that mentioned things that I've talked about on the podcast, which makes me think they're definitely, someone is listening and it's not just my mom.

So it's worth the effort, right? So I think most definitely I would do it again given the chance, and I'm happy you all think the same.

Just to prove we aren't all on our own with this episode will be speaking with Lydia Zeva at the University of Alberta, who is almost in the exact same boat as we are. See what I did there? Digital scholar implied laughter . See, this is comedy gold. You gotta do this on a podcast, right?

Yeah. So U of a University of Alberta is opening a digital scholarship center soon, and her job, pardon me, is to get it ready. She's also she also runs a podcast with a, her friend Carla called no Librarians allowed. So we'll cut away to my discussion with Lydia about digital scholarship labs intersectionality and podcasting in general.

I hope you like it.

So on this episode of During the Digital Scholarship, we are, we're taking a few minutes and speaking with our colleague of ours, Lydia Vagan Sava, who is the head of Digital Scholarship Services at University of Alberta. Why don't you tell us a little bit about yourself? 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: Sure. Thank you for having me on.

I was very pleased to be introduced and to be invited. So you can't see me obviously on the audio, but this morning I'm wrapping the brand. I'm wearing one of my three you Alberta sweaters. But beyond talking about where I am and what I do, . I would say if I'm a library weirdo, then I don't wanna be normal

So how typically I, you can describe me is a translator, a hustler, and a weightlifter. Meaning that I have existed at intersections of many communities for a long time, and I honestly believe that most interesting things take place at the margins. So for example, creative code, communities, art and science.

And so I think as a result of existing and multiple communities are always hustling with various interest groups or people, I felt like I don't really belong. But it's fascinating how maybe in digital scholarship, it's actually a strength because you do need to connect multiple people and be aware of different contexts.

And as we move into interdisciplinary work, it's actually. , like literally part of the job, what you bring. So you know, at you Alberta, we have an area, signature area of research, which is intersections of gender. So we're seeing quite a lot of commitment given financially and research energy to like intersectional interdisciplinary complex work because really those are the challengings of 21st century.

And I would like to believe that maybe my approach or my experience actually helps inform and support researchers and learners really both on campus and beyond. 

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. According to your description there, do you think digital scholarship is a community or a. Not a community, necessarily a methodology that lives at the margins, or do you think it's gonna become mainstream as time progresses and it's just the emergence and I'll use business terminology.

It's like on the bleeding edge right now, but one day it'll permeate everything. Or do you think it'll continue to be the the. Out on the horizon, way of dealing and looking at 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: things? That's a great question. Yeah. I remember a similar question posed to me at University of San Diego Symposium about like digital humanities, and it's the classic, is digital humanities a discipline or field of its own? Or is it just a set of methods, right? Is it a set of tools? And at the time, I don't think I had a good answer. And I think with this change, maybe to digital scholarship more broadly, however it's defined, like I would argue it's still ill-defined my eventual hope is that like it's all scholarship.

It's all research. To some degree that terminology terminologies arbitrary. I think the focus on digital. See, and that awareness of how tools impact work and what they allow us to do and maybe don't allow us to do as it becomes part of the research process. And like already it is. I guess I would aim for the latter.

When I was at University of Toronto Scarborough, I would often describe myself as my ultimate goal being to be outsourced. Meaning that there shouldn't be a role that is like I don't think I'm specialized. To some degree we're all generalists, right? But in other words, , it shouldn't be so special or so strange or new.

It should just be the nature of the work. Like it's, I guess it's easy for me to say, oh, I don't care about titles or, obviously like I'm really happiness role and I truly believe in this work, but I'm not sure I'm any special or than any other librarian or researcher on campus. , 

Tim Ribaric: that, that sounds like the the work ethic from the old country coming through , working hard and, I'm just one of many or the the idea that, If we can pick on, on, on this theme of it'll permeate everything eventually, or it's a type of thing.

I guess what I'm trying to gather around to is often in librarianship, or at least my experience with it, is we try to set up a service and make it a shining exemplar of a thing that'll be locked in time and space and shot into the future forever and ever. And the whole tie into the romantic ideal of like librarianship book days past, how we used to do this lovely thing with books on shelves and stinky little card catalogs.

Like we never really set up these services with the idea that they will adapt as time progresses. So I think your comment there is really interesting about, we set up these spaces or we're setting up these spaces with the hope that they'll permeate and turn into something else, when in fact, a lot of times we want things to be structured very.

I don't know if it's fair to say rigidly and then shot into the future without changing. Do you think that's a fair 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: characterization maybe in some universities? I should note also obviously as we've been preparing and developing services for the Digital Scholarship center, much like you and Brock we've been doing a fair amount of communication and chatting with colleagues, but it's okay to say that not everyone is a digital scholar, right?

So it's true that pretty much everyone uses tools and technology in some way, but not everyone necessarily critically reflects or incorporates the methods. And even if they do say all of them do down the road, will that matter? So I guess, sorry, what I'm trying to say is not everyone's a digital scholar, just like not everyone is a health sciences researcher, and not everyone is a scientist.

And that's okay. So if for now we focus on interdisciplinary intersectional work maybe bec So because the Digital Scholarship Center, our goal is to work with all departments we're not necessarily committed to any one particular faculty or discipline that puts us in a broader position.

So I guess that's, maybe that's our spot. Great. Sorry, tell me your question again. Oh, if it's rigidly divided, I honestly, no, 

Tim Ribaric: I think, no, I was gonna say, I think you're giving it a more fair treatment than what I'm describing. So I guess I'm thinking in traditional terms of being very rigid with these description of service.

But I think as both you and I are experiencing as we're defining, oh, here's, okay, here's a bad metaphor. It's like holding a bunch of sand in your hand, right? So if you open up the fingers, the sand will slip through and go to the ground. So I think right now, like digital scholarship is sand being poured in the hands , and we've gotta figure out where to put it.

And if ah, I'm fumbling all 

over 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: the place here. No, it's okay. No, I guess I understand. So for the short term, it's absolutely necessary to carve out a niche and maybe be recognized whether it's institutionally or nationally in terms of yes, this is a legitimate field. I saw this with digital humanities, but now it's admitted or, everyone's on board maybe.

So in the short term, absolutely, of course it's necessary to, maybe perform that rhetorical power. And that's why, we're interested in communities of practice and all of those things add, I don't really want talk of a legitimacy necessarily, but if it helps serve the cause and provide support for our users and, get funding for our projects.

Wonderful. In the long term. , I'm not sure that matters. And I'm also interested in how the academy evolves over the long term. So perhaps I don't have the same commitment to these rigid training of the library. And, you mentioned the old country. I don't often share this, but like for example, I grew up in an environment where there were no really public libraries as such.

And I still learn things, so I'm not burdened by models. That existed in the past, and I'll fight anyone who dares to challenge it. . That's 

Tim Ribaric: great. One of the the points you made at the, at your kickoff there, talking about the way U of A operates, you'd said the theme or a sort of focus of research is the intersections of gender.

Could you describe that a bit more or go into some of the details about how that would how that's realized? 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: I don't know if all universities have this, but certainly as I become acquainted with University of Alberta as a new researcher, we. Typically every five years, three main areas.

So if I'm repping the brand literally with a logo on my sweatshirt, what is it that we're known for? And I joke that you listener, 

Tim Ribaric: can I ask you a quick question? What is the U of A's mascot, 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: the Golden 

Tim Ribaric: Bear. Golden bear. Okay, so everyone re picture in your mind Lydia's wearing a golden bear costume.

Sorry. Oh 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: gosh. So what are we known for? Health. So obviously we have a lot of health oil, , so we have a lot of research into, chemistry, petrochemicals. And the new one that we got funding for is intersections of gender. So it's a humanities research area. What that means is quite a lot of funding is being directed to projects, activities, workshops.

I recently attended one lectures essentially to stimulate activity around, you could call them, you may be complex or fuzzy challenges of our time but the fact that a humanities, maybe some of them are d h e, some are not. It is highlighting the fact that yeah, we have a strong English department and there's a lot of wonderful humanities research and we're, we talk a lot about collaboration.

I think these research areas are some material ways to actually support that and give back to the community that I think this particular research area. But I honestly believe all knowledge has that impact responsibility beyond the campus. , there's users, there's stakeholders in the wider Edmonton and Alberta area.

So I'm particularly pleased and I will support it and attend as, as many as are relevant to my work. Ooh, so 

Tim Ribaric: very neat. You've talked about the digital scholarship center and I'm wondering if you can go into maybe a little bit more details about what it'll be like if you can give like a 32nd pitch.

Or something along those lines. So our, we can then go to bat for one another about, what digital scholarship means and how important it is for the future of humanity. You know what I'm saying? 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: I was going to describe with two Pal drums, and I will, I'm not sure we'll help you go to bat down the road, but allow me to use Two Pal Andros.

Anyway. Alright. So if I had to step back and you asked me what will the DSC be like? I would describe it as such a man, a plan, a Canal, Panama, and another pal Andro that I use a lot, sometimes I think I tweeted every six months is, are we not drawn onward to new? Wow. So marinate on that for a minute.

Tim Ribaric: Look ladies and gentlemen, I've just been handed a report. These are indeed p drums, so Okay. You can rest easy. Okay, thank you, . 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: The reason I think the man planned a canal, it should be a woman, but Okay. Ultimately because so much work went into it, right? But also that is a place, so in my. Student days when I was a DH student I did a bit of investigating on what types of environments are there, and some manifestations of this type of work existed more dispersed across campuses, and some was concentrated in centers, right?

So when I came to U of A, the fact that there was quite a bit of square footage dedicated to supporting this work and actually practicing it, that's a sign that we're committing resources, energy, and time. We think it's valuable and it's gonna exist within the library. I wouldn't say it's like the equivalent of a Panama Canal, but it is a project, right?

It's gonna be real and people can walk into it. And I think that it's actually quite important. The new era comment is more about the fuzzy nature of some of these practices. How often, we're in meetings with my colleagues with my yeah, with my colleagues. You can cut that part.

And I can tell it's a little bit uncomfortable for others to hear that we don't always know every element and there are some unknowns, and with that comes risk, but, We are still drawn onward to that work and we recognize that there's something there. And in fact, as I mentioned, if the most interesting things live at the margins or intersections, it's worth exploring.

So it's both terrifying as I've described in meetings, but also I think what excites us, right? It's probably why we are attracted to that challenge. There's something there, it's very rewarding to figure it out and onto the next thing. I'm sorry that, I guess that doesn't describe the center itself.

If you like, I can give you, I can give you a verbal overview of the 

Tim Ribaric: stuff No I think speaking about the sort of philosophical underpinnings is more interesting. I think your description really speaks to the the nature of research generally, right? You embark upon something you think might turn into something or you have some evidence that might.

indicate to you that something might exist in a particular spot and then, it's the job of the researcher to put it all together and see if there's actually a thing that's significant there. I'll tell you a quick story. Back when I was like in grad school for computer science and I was trying to figure out like what my thesis topic was, I was just combing through books, trying to mash together different sorts of topics.

Every once in a while, running back to my supervisor saying, is this a thing? Is this a thing? Can I do a thesis about this thing? And she said you have to keep digging into it. You're not gonna know at first blush or just looking at it in a very simple way, you're gonna have to keep scratching the surface.

And I think that the mentality that required is I think what I'm bringing to the digital scholarship. Understanding here about research isn't always apparent and it's always, it's not constructive and it's not like building widgets of things. You have to follow the wins and see where evidence points you, and then you develop your thesis to support what you have.

Am I off base here or is this sounding 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: Not at all. No. What you're describing is just how much knowledge is required to even map a domain to understand if the questions are valid. And when you throw technology into that mix, that's even more complex. So yeah, I think right now you're probably seeing, I'm certainly seeing the pressure to have quick answers or maybe a desire for researchers to master these technical skills to get on with their research.

But actually the two are interlinked and it is a journey, right? Think of all the time they invested to first of all, understand, say computer science or sociology, to know what are meaningful questions, what is reasonable to ask and what's been answered, let alone incorporate Python programmatic analysis of like social media scraping, for example.

Everyone should be more patient. Pet themselves on the back, the fact that it's a journey. But I get that we're all facing pressures to produce more and get there quicker. I'm sure you're seeing that too. 

Tim Ribaric: I totally agree with you. The good work takes time and sometimes you don't get like deliverables, on a consistent basis.

Sometimes it's only at the end and sometimes it's a large project that, the scope of the effort that went into it is difficult to articulate for others. But the idea that, yeah, the stuff takes time I think is Being in a university, it's a good place for that to be the underlying rationale or to use that to describe what's going on.

I think it makes sense in this environment, and I might in other episodes and other talks about this stuff, get a little cynical and pessimistic. But, the fact that the school is betting some, resources on this is, it speaks volumes about their understanding that it might, that it'll pan out into something.

You just gotta give it the time that it requires. If I'm correct, your space will open some point this summer. Is that, is tracking to be approximately what's gonna 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: happen for you? That's right. Yeah. We're aiming for June. Very 

Tim Ribaric: cool. I was gonna say our space is aiming for June almost. It's scary how much the similarities between the University of Alberta, the research pillar of, the West.

It's great to see that these things are popping up almost in similar times across the country with sort of the pending June, just around the corner. What do you think your biggest challenge is gonna be about that timeline? Nothing, I could tell you for us, I think getting a schedule going for the, making sure the physical space is occupied and being utilized correctly.

I think that's what weighs the biggest on my mind so far. But do you have anything that's, That you're putting a lot of brain power into sort of thinking about. Sure, 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: yeah. I would agree with you. Of course, all of us want to have meaningful use and engagement. We don't, I joke that we don't do this for laughs when we do it for other people.

It's interesting that I've been doing a lot of communication and usually I start with a floor plan and I describe what's there. But here you kept it on the high level. . Yeah, in terms of the biggest challenges, getting access to physical space, when you can't walk through a facility, it prevents you from getting a different kind of understanding.

And I think it relates to my next point, which is I'm thinking a lot about writing, whether it's policies, but ultimately making decisions on paper. It's really challenging for me to make these judgment calls and then expect to back them up without having been in the space. And I have a friend who's an architect by training.

He's working with me as a graduate student on this service development. And I've learned a lot from him and architecture and other types of disciplines, than I was trained in. Spatial thinking and awareness and embodiment is a form of knowledge. And so what I mean by that is, sure, I can order a couple of tables and say, yeah, staff can sit here and we'll put a laptop there and the workflow and the sort of user, traffic will go this way.

But actually until I embody the space and I can see how it plays out, even without users, like we can do a fair amount of testing before we even open the doors. Those are much informed decisions and it makes me feel much more secure in my judgment calls. And I guess how, maybe I would frame it as balancing that research, which we've done a fair amount of research with that iterative testing.

So I don't need to tell you there is like test driven development. You could describe Lydia as TE driven service. Something . So I would rather test test and revise. And it's really hard when we honestly can't even walk into the space. I know we will, but you want to provide enough buffer to test your assumptions and make sure that the decisions we're making that will impact our colleagues, our staff, ourselves, actually have some evidence to them.

Tim Ribaric: Very cool. Now you mentioned the another attention, A thing you'll have to embrace upon is the idea of writing down policies or capturing a lot of the stuff on paper so that you have a way to move forward that's consistent. I've got the same. quandary, I think I'm facing cuz I don't wanna put things down in policy form to discourage participation and making things too rigid.

Considering we're talking about these things, living at the margins. But what are your thoughts about the tension between written policies versus letting the space evolve organically and working with people that come in? according to their whims as opposed to forcing them through policies that we write.

Forcing is probably too strong a statement mind you, but, 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: I hate writing policy , or I guess maybe because I may not have had to do it explicitly. I think I've always obviously just assumed they exist and so now that I have to, I'm really comfortable making judgment calls. There's something about the rule and where it lives.

Overall, I am very pleased. I feel very lucky to work in an environment where I think we have a nice balance of guidelines and for example, we have a community expectations that live on our site and really they inform behavior in the library more broadly, right? I think that kind of approach allows staff to.

Not necessarily informed, but uphold what is it that we'd like to see in our spaces? So whether it's noise, sometimes it's harassment, right? So what is it that we expect to happen in this space? Rather than being super prescriptive and saying, no, you can't do this, not this type of headphone. And the fact that it's written in plain language, it's human, I think is more aligned with how we live in the world, right?

I'm trying to find that balance between, no, I don't believe in lawlessness and anything goes that's not actually community work, but not being too prescriptive. So I'll say two things about that. I don't want the DSC to be any more special or any different from we are in a library, therefore we fall under library operations and we already have so many awesome policies, so why can't we apply them?

Now some things will be specific, such as, I get questions about food and I had to make I call it space use map. So where food and drink are allowed and, but another thing I'll say is I am really blessed, really, I'm privileged to have colleagues and friends in the Edmonton community who can guide me through this type of work.

And so I will rely on them. And recently I had a call with Holly Artisan, Makerspace librarian, extra Aire, who gave me some advice about the early days of maker spaces and the same thing. So making some really explicit calls and saying, you know what? We will not tolerate, or actually we won't allow, like 3D printing of guns and drug paraphernalia, but we're not so strict about.

Other things, we'd rather have a conversation and build those relationships with users. But we don't allow open lid drinks near the computers for, damage reasons. They committed to say two to three rules that are like super upheld and the rest is much more relational, if that makes sense.

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. Yeah. I think you have a nice level headed approach to I think the moving forward with that question in mind now if you don't mind, maybe we can pivot a little bit to talk about podcasting in and of itself. So the theme of this episode steering the digital scholarship insert boat horn noise, beep, is the idea of boat podcasting and why we chose podcasting.

So you've generated some notoriety with your podcast. No librarians. And I see that you're actually talking about it at an upcoming conference. What led you to pursuing this podcast and why was it a thing you chose as a, as an output versus other things? 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: Sure. Yeah. First of all, I love the steering, dsl, sound effects,

We are still learning how to do that. So very wise, I love how you mimic that. 

Tim Ribaric: We're running the theme into the ground, let 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: me tell you, . So of course, I want to give credit and acknowledge the involvement of my friend and colleague, Carla IA Kelly on this work. I don't want to take credit. Obviously you've invited me.

And yes, I work at U of A, but really it's a collaborative effort. It's our project. So Carla is instrumental in that, and I have grown so much with her and through this podcast. So why did we create it, ultimately we needed a space to think through things to reflect on our professional practice.

More practically, we did not want to pursue a, what I've called a can. Lib Tek. Doesn't that just roll off the tongue? , imagine if there is a journal called Can Lip Tech J. So originally maybe being a keener, I had this silly idea to, oh, we need like a Canadian library technology journal. I'll be honest, it was after Code for Lib did not accept my article and I was like, I don't need this.

I'm gonna start my own thing. And largely cuz I recognized that there is quite a large community, right? Me and you meet at Access most. Yeah, where's the journal? Where's kind of the scholarly output? But then Carla had this great idea. She's forget the journal, and blogs are not the same thing.

Let's do a podcast. And I was like, oh, okay. And much like I had a prof in my undergraduate days, a painter who always said, Lydia, I've wondered how do people make films? It just seemed like magic. But then I learned they just do it. And I would say it's the same thing of a podcast. Look at me.

I have a analog mixer next to me. I have Beyonce, Mike, three types of microphones. I know all the software now. I didn't know that at the time, a listener. It's 

Tim Ribaric: pretty impressive, I must say. Yeah. Better than the two bit operation we're running over here. I can tell you that for sure. 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: So I guess we just we did it we attended a pod summit that was instrumental.

We met so many wonderful people in the community practicing the same thing. Another thing I think we wanted to do with a podcast is respect the medium. So what is it that this form does well? And we don't want to replicate a research article, right? That's not the intention. In fact, if you do, that defeats the purpose.

So we wanted to embrace the affordance. I truly believe that you can learn something from anyone. And so we wanted to have a balance, both obviously of us talking, but also invite maybe early career librarians or just people working in tech more broadly. We are called no librarians allowed after all.

And yeah, I think for us, if it's an outlet for creativity and thought, 

Tim Ribaric: now question. I got myself, I was bragging about our podcast on the weekend cuz I was at a meeting with a bunch of librarians. And inevitably, or perhaps not inevitably, just when it's being described to me anyways, what do you consider your podcast like what's it for?

Is it like part of your professional practice? Do you consider it scholarship or service? And do you put it on your cv? And I didn't really have a good answer for it. I just said, a podcast. It's a podcast and we're doing it to as you talk about, talk through things and just get ideas out there that.

will be at some point topic of journal articles or whatnot, like where do you categorize it? 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: So that's an interesting question. I would say yes to all . As Bruno Latour teaches us, the divisions between knowledge categories are arbitrary and frankly, the product of capitalism, therefore doesn't matter where it goes for some people.

Sure, yes, absolutely. Yes. We included yes, I put it on my annual report. I noticed Carla and I both put it in our Twitter, we mention it because yeah, it's a lot of work, a lot of energy, time, creativity goes into it, but who counts and where? The detail and the nuance. I suppose if I had to give a little preview of my Kapal talk, which is the conference coming up, I would say that much like place-based learning, conversational learning, so this particular form of podcasting that we're pursuing also produces certain kinds of knowledge, right?

So sure, it may seem that it's just conversation like what me and you are doing, but we are committing to this form. It's relational. You are valuing my time and I'm valuing you as a human being to allow to ask these particular types of question. There's actually quite a lot of respect. It requires trust.

And there are some things that you discover in the process that you would, not reading a paper or book, listening to a lecture. I've mentioned place-based learning. Those are forms of knowledge that probably aren't valued by the academy currently, but if you read a lot of indigenous thinkers, those forms of knowledge consumption and production have been valued for a long time.

So we have cited books, articles, news, podcasts, videos, gifts, data visualizations, web applications. Software. So you tell me if it's scholarship or not, right? ? Yeah. I will leave it sassy like that. 

Tim Ribaric: No, that's a great response. And I think I've, I followed the same sentiment and follow the same sort of idea that, it takes, our opening of the Digital Scholarship lab is, includes creating and running this podcast.

It's definitely a process that is producing interesting results. Like preparing for this interview this morning, I was like, oh geez, I better ask Lydia some good questions, but nothing too, unfair about, how can I do the same thing you're doing? I hear a digital scholarship thing because I want to do the exact same.

And then the idea that trying to sound spontaneous while we're talking on the podcast, but not necessarily to. By the book. It's, what I guess I'm trying to say is that it does require a lot of effort to produce a podcast. And the more, it seems easy just to listen to one, but there's a lot of production, a lot of thought going into it.

Marketing as well. It's not necessarily, you put it in a journal and the journal takes care of the notoriety and the the word of mouth because, it's in the table of contents. You gotta, as you say, you gotta hustle. When you put a podcast together, you gotta get people to listen to it.

And by doing that you make it interesting. guess podcasting is a new form of output, but it is, I think, just as important as anything else that we work on. Here's a another quick story. Every time I, we publish a new episode, I take a look at our analytics and there's someone from Ireland that keeps listening to our podcast and I keep thinking to myself, How what strange confluence of events made it so that one person in Ireland catches each one of our episodes.

And it makes me think all the conversations we had and the things we've tackled have gone international. And if we would've put a, a turley worded paper together that was published in a journal, it would have a certain readership. But I don't think it would be asli as active as if it was an idea we communicated in a podcast.

So 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: I, excellent point Tim. No, I fully agree and in fact you are already summarizing some of the arguments in my Capal paper. Exactly that. And also what you're describing is Inten intentionality of the design of the planning. I'd like to mention a couple more things about podcasts, if this is like a theme or crossover as it relates to knowledge, because I fully believe everything.

We are seeing trends in, maybe scholarly podcasting. So for example, Hannah McGregor outta Simon Frazier University. I'm sure she's not the only one is piloting new forms of, again, I don't like that term legitimacy because it's already legitimate knowledge, but if it helps us get a recognized in the academy, all the better.

We should be supporting each other. New form, like peer review of podcasting and the fact that actually quite a lot of scholarly deep knowledge. Taking place through conversation. Think about how many you've listened to and they're like, we'll cite it. We'll include the link. You can read the paper.

Like why can't you do that in conversation? What about panels that happen? Like scholars do it all the time here, you just record it. Just 

Tim Ribaric: for the home listener, I'm nodding vigorously. Is Lydia saying all of these things? Cuz you know we're I like the terminology you use about you. Not saying legitimizing podcasting because that is legitimate.

It's just a, bringing it forward to a new audience is I think, probably 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: how, right? But I think that anxiety about legitimacy exists in the cult of the amateur. So by virtue of democratizing knowledge and frankly democratizing rhetorical power that exists by producing a digital media in the academy, there's this fear of oh, is it good enough?

Because we have processes and methods to vet quality, quote unquote, but how do we do that with these new f again, they're not that new, right? Geez, radio. So think of the explosion of podcasting among quote unquote amateurs. You mentioned like we have a laptop and a microphone and a piece of software, off we go.

And many people are doing that, but also many people are listening, right? So you mentioned the Ireland speaker. I also check who's the consumer who is actually listening to this stuff. And I'm sure both of us started thinking part of it is promotion, right? So for. To engage with the local community for students maybe for faculty and maybe those who are considering this type of work.

This is one way to make it human for them. But also much like we've seen in digital humanities, as soon as you put digital collections up online, you produce a web application and you uc uses of it that you did not even anticipate. That is a lovely benefit and frankly, it makes you much more responsible for what you are putting out there and the quality and the bugs on the software side.

It brings a whole level of responsibility, which is why I guess this push for peer review is taking place, but ultimately we can't anticipate on whom we may have impact with our podcast. And it's better not to think about it sometimes . So just talk as if it's, your friends.

And like of course when we begin, I often think, oh, it's really just like my buddies in Edmonton. They're the ones who are gonna listen. And then I see India, uk, who are these people? Yeah. Yeah. And if we can do free PD for learners of LIS in the Netherland, If we can help in any way, then we have done our job.

Why can't we take the time that me and you have at our wealthy academic environments and support those who may or may not have access to these types of ideas? Or maybe they're looking for that community. That is what I get up for in the morning. 

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. That's really cool. I agree with you wholeheartedly.

And as is my way, I'll offer another anecdote. I don't know, it always jars me. It's happened to me more with Twitter so far, and I imagine as our podcast catches, that'll be a thing that happens with the podcast. But you mentioned something offhandedly, or not necessarily offhandedly, but for me anyways, as a tweet, and then like months later when I'm finally interacting with a person that I haven't seen since the previous year at a conference, and they mentioned that.

and then you feel oh my gosh, like I, I screamed into the darkness and one of my colleagues remembered it a year later. And it forms part of the conversation you have with this person, even though it's this asymmetrical little blurb that happened so long ago, yet they still remember it and hold onto it, and that's a really powerful thing. I've just on campus a couple weeks ago, I was talking to a colleague and I said, oh, I gotta go report. In high school I was voted the best radio voice part of my graduating class. It was the only thing that I was voted best of which, I thank you class of 1998 Notre Dame College School, because I don't think I was anywhere close, but maybe I was, they felt pity on me.

I was speaking with a colleague here on campus to say, oh, offhandedly I was I was voted best radio voice during high school. And he looked at me and he said, yeah, no, I listened to your podcast. And it jarred me to the point of almost dropping my coffee or doing a spit take oh yeah.

Of course, this gentleman I interact with all the time on work, very similar, might have actually heard my podcast. And it immediately forced me to like almost check myself to think, oh my gosh, did I say anything that he wouldn't approve of? Of course I didn't. But it was a very, I don't know, it was a very interesting, you really put yourself out there, I guess is what I'm trying to say.

I agree. It's 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: very vulnerable, isn't it? 

Tim Ribaric: So yeah, I guess that's the moral of this, one of the many stories I'm gonna go through today, that's the moral, is that, it does make you vulnerable because you are putting yourself out there. And, people, I often say, or I try to say, when someone writes something to me, I always interpret it in the most benign way possible.

So if someone sends a really short email, I don't think it's because they're being upset or rude with me, it's just that, that's the amount of time that they had to send it to me, to, to circle around back to the pod, I hope others interpret it the same way, if that's making any sense.

Like I'm just trying to get stuff across, but I don't mean ever to upset people, nor would I ever. Dream of upsetting people. And I just hope that it's received in that way too. I suppose according to the immortal Taylor Swift hater's gonna hate, but, I don't wanna, I don't want anything I say to be 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: misconstrued.

I understand. But as a slavi person I thought you would get up in the morning to piss some people off occasionally, but that's just my bias. No I totally understand what you're saying in that it's a skill to begin from a position of good faith. And you don't know if the listeners have the same thing, but frankly, Tim, they are choosing to listen to the D S L podcast, likely because they are curious and they want to learn.

And also I've been thinking about how they get to know us right from afar. So even me having not met your team in person, Already I have some sense of who they are, the lizards, what fears they have, what drives them. And I suppose I didn't even think about what listeners of our podcast may take away from our conversations.

So I totally appreciate your point about potential researchers or colleagues who may hear your voice and the ideas that you've captured in the podcast and then meet you in person. But I also don't believe in the division between private or work life. We recently had a chance to take. A couple of instruments on personality testing as part of leadership courses, and it was fascinating to me that some of my colleagues had different manifestations of the profile for their work life versus their personal life.

And Lydia had no difference between how I operate in the world or at work because to me, this is who I am. So if on the podcast it comes across as I am, like of course I'm professional and I'm kind I try to be kind and service oriented at work, but I am who I am, right? So I think it's a disservice to provide any kind of different sense.

I can't see why it wouldn't come across through the podcast. So similarly for you, I can tell you want to help your team is incredibly thought. So you can only be yourself, and that vulnerability is quite powerful. Not everyone takes that step. It's again, it's terrifying to say, yeah, these are some thoughts that may not have formed fully.

So our library school director ahead of the library school here, Tony Samak, would often say academia can explore very dangerous or scary or risky. It can be a place. Not safe ideas, but it needs to take place in a safe environment. So as you mentioned, research does not always go a route that's established.

That's the whole point. We don't know where knowledge will take us, but it needs to take place in a safe environment where you feel safe to take those risks and you feel psychologically supported to pursue it. Similarly, on the podcast, you want to sometimes explore unknown ideas, but you'd like to both establish a place of trust and communicate that to the listener that all of it is coming in good faith and in generous spirit.

Very nice. 

Tim Ribaric: So we've had a pretty good generative discussion about podcasting and what's motivating us to podcast and how we treat it. Since we're on the topic, do you have any recommendations for podcasts that people should listen to? Either for the librarian or the digital scholarship crowd, or even, just more generally if there is a podcast that sort of demonstrates this ethos that you like to follow yourself.

Lydia Zvyagintseva: Absolutely. I do , in fact, I think when you ask about podcast recommendations about digital scholarship, I don't know any beyond your own, and I wouldn't even describe like no librarians allowed as a digital scholarship. No. We ran to bud feminist dishes more of the time but I firmly believe I say this like everywhere I go, it all relates all knowledge.

This is the lovely thing about being in libraries is that eventually all of it is useful. So in other words what I would recommend is secret Feminist Agenda by Hannah McGregor. One of my first podcasts, I only listened to two before I started. This was Weightlifting Life by Greg Everett.

He literally wrote the handbook, the guidebook on weightlifting. So he also had a podcast and I learned a lot from him and Ursula La Garza. More recently I've started listening to Red Men Laughing Ryan McMahon Philosophies. This colleague of mine has a podcast about immigration and movement, maintain space.

The jig is up about Metis culture. I love how their subtitle is keeping it real. Nah, 

Tim Ribaric: I see what they did there. 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: So yeah, those are my recs. That's what's on my app. 

Tim Ribaric: I just want to say thanks for spending some time with me today and really appreciate your insights and the podcast recommendations and I'm sure we'll touch base or follow up with you after you've had a successful opening of the Digital Scholarship Center.

Bill Lydia, thanks again for joining 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: us today. Oh, thank you very much. Yeah, I'd be happy to talk about lessons learned at the DSL as well. Very 

Tim Ribaric: good. Awesome. Thanks. Bye.

I hope you all enjoyed listening to that as much as I did enjoyed recording it. So just a brief shout out to some upcoming events, or in fact, the only upcoming event. On Thursday, March 28th at 2:00 PM we'll be running our Power BI workshop tentatively called Power BI two, power bi, the quickening.

Erin, do you have any final comments about any quick sales you can tell to people that might be wondering if they should come to the workshop or not? You should 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: definitely come to the workshop. There's, I'll be there, 

Tim Ribaric: so there you go. It's. You could meet all the famous 

Lydia Zvyagintseva: podcasters. Yeah, meet everybody.

Meet the cast. We'll be signing autographs. We'll be doing a meet and greet after the workshop. So around, we'll take quarters for swag. You have to buy in quantities of 250 or 

Tim Ribaric: more. More, more. Wow. Look at it. Ladies and gentlemen. Ringing endorsement from Ms. Viz on the viz biz. She's in, et cetera. All right, great.

I think we'll drop anchor there for this episode. Now instead of us imploring you to get in touch with us through our myriad of social media methods, and I know not all of you have taken a, taken us up on, on that offer give it another try. But what I'm hoping you'll do is take a moment to interact with the podcast.

So if that means going to the Brock Web Brock Digital Scholarship webpage, and having a look at our feed there, downloading an episode through an RSS reader or going to Apple Podcast and giving us a review, I'll ask you to give us a five star review, but that, maybe 10 bananas would be a better review instead of a five star review, and we will talk to you next episode.

