ep9
===

Daniel Brett: Hello and welcome to another episode of Steering the Digital Scholarship. My name's Daniel Brett, and I'll be the acting captain for today. So let's start off in our traditional fashion by having everyone say their name and answer today's personal question. What is your. Animal, we'll start with Alicia.

Oh, 

Alicia Floyd: We never start with Alicia . Okay. I have to be honest, this was the hardest question yet for me because I'm a huge animal lover. I love animals. They're just the best thing ever. My go-to answers typically alpaca, but only because people tend to, be intrigued by that. But my real. , aside from my dog being my favorite animal, is okay.

See the hard case's listening to the podcast. , you're listening. I love you . I've always been really intrigued by the slow lores. I think other than the fact they're the most adorable creature on earth, they are just quirky and I could watch them all day long. And a long time ago, I read somewhere that there are certain cultures that believe that the slowloris.

are the gatekeepers to the afterlife. And that interesting. Everybody when they die, they get a slowloris for their entire time in the afterlife. And so for me to think about being able to spend eternity with a little slowloris is my buddy is just bliss. So I'm gonna say slowloris. 

Erin Daily: I think you could do that anyway.

You could just, I don't know. Could you like find one easy? How easy is it to find a little LORs in Canada? I don't think it's easy. I feel like they're not in. 

Tim Ribaric: For the benefit of the home audience and for me, what is a slowloris? 

Alicia Floyd: Oh, you really should look it up. They're these tiny little let's look it up right now.

Primates with gigantic eyes, and they're so fuzzy and they have very human motor skills, just like a monkey, 

Tim Ribaric: are they the ones that look scared? Perpetually 

Alicia Floyd: because their eyes are so big, they're constantly terrified. Interesting. And 

Erin Daily: slow 

Alicia Floyd: walrus. Yeah. Aaron's 

Tim Ribaric: pulling up a photograph. Oh, okay.

That looks familiar. Yeah. All right. For the whole audience you can picture something that's like a raccoon spider monkey hybrid. Yes. 

Erin Daily: Joint 

Alicia Floyd: monkey Lemer. Squirrel. . Racoon monkey. Lemer 

Erin Daily: squirrel. There 

Daniel Brett: you go. That's not what I was expecting. I like that . That was good. 

Erin Daily: Next up. . I don't know why Don't forget to introduce yourself.

Oh Erin. My favorite animal. I'm honestly afraid of a lot of animals. Like I. . I don't know. I see all these things. 

Daniel Brett: That's that next podcast question. What's your scare mo animal you're most scared of? 

Erin Daily: Oh, like I wanna live in nature and be like, be one with the world, but then like I see a bug and I just, I can't, so I'm honestly afraid of a lot of animals.

But, or when 

Tim Ribaric: stink bugs come flying out of furniture, 

Erin Daily: they're everywhere. The other day, one flew out of my drawer and into my face and I almost set my parents' house on fire. I was like, you know what? , it's not worth it. I can't live here anymore, burn down. I'm just, I'm not doing it, burning this place down.

But I would say an animal that I may be the least afraid of would maybe be a giraffe. , really? I just, they're gigantic and constrain. They're gigantic, but they're like, I don't know. They just seem so chill and so harmless. And I saw a video of one time, one time, I can't remember where it was, but it's like this, they're these hotels that they build and they're like super, super tall.

So you can wake up and go out into your balcony and they're, and there's just a giraffe. Like hanging out that can lick you with 

Alicia Floyd: its purple tongue. 

Erin Daily: Yeah, as far as I know, their tongues aren't sharp. So like giants, I've heard they're gentle giants. 

Daniel Brett: Their tongues are as long as their head is long.

so their, that makes sense. Their tongue is like a foot long. It's crazy. That makes sense. After out of its mouth, it's 

Erin Daily: you also see videos of giraffes, like beating each other with their necks. And I know some people freak out, but I just think it's hilarious. I know it's a serious thing and these giraffes obviously have some issues.

They're working out. But I just think it's so funny, like just to see their necks like flailing around. 

Tim Ribaric: So the question then is, have you been to Safari Niagara? And have you fed the giraffes there? 

Erin Daily: No, because there's tigers at Safari Niagara, and I'm terrified of tigers. , 

Daniel Brett: Uhhuh, . I 

Tim Ribaric: think they're cages. I'm just, yeah, just so you know, there.

I think they're restrained. I don't know for 

Erin Daily: certain though. Okay. I just, that's not a risk I'm willing to take. I don't know if I'd go and hang out with a giraffe at the risk of being mauled by a tiger. So this 

Alicia Floyd: fear of animals is like a legitimate fear. Oh, 

Erin Daily: it's like a legitimate fear like most animals.

like I just cat walks into a room. Nope, I can deal with cats. Big cats are r and o, like lions and tigers. If 

Tim Ribaric: we do an episode on irrational fears, I can tell you guys about how I'm out of my mind, scared, haunted houses. , 

Erin Daily: like even the little kid haunted 

Tim Ribaric: houses everywhere, every kind of haunted house.

I lose my mind. Interesting. I'll tell you a story, an anecdote if we get there at some point. All right. Yeah. I can tell you that the giraffes at Safari Niagara are wonderful creatures and they do lick. Your tongue, your hand if you try to feed them . I believe it. I believe if you can 

Erin Daily: wrap around, like they're super chill and they're just here to hang out and have a good time.

But see, those cats are fun. Like I 

Tim Ribaric: like those cats. Okay. For the benefit of the 

Daniel Brett: home audience. This is a gigantic fat cat. It's very round. It's my aunt's cat, but it's very huge. It's hilarious. But you said if it was a big. This is a big cat. No, but like I'm talking sky. This, that weigh is approximately 

Tim Ribaric: 14 pounds.

Oh boy. Cat's on the internet. That's new and novel content. 

Daniel Brett: That's, this isn't the internet. This is my personal photos from my aunt's house , which I'm sure on the internet in some respect, probably. So your animal, Tim? Yeah. 

Tim Ribaric: Hi, my name is Tim and I'll go from my I'll go through my top three from three to one.

Okay. So number three is a honey badger because you don't give. Okay. Number two is a. Because they're really cool and they're flying mammals. You don't see terrified that often. You cannot with bats, and they're not, they're like on our side, they're out there hunting mosquitoes and killing 'em and making sure that we're not overrun and making sure cattle, and places aren't overrun by mosquitoes and stuff.

And they have like 

Alicia Floyd: sonar vision, which is brilliant, which is pretty cool. They 

Erin Daily: also carry rab. So if a bat ever bites you, then that's not good. You gotta go get a rabies shot. , , and next we put air, 

Tim Ribaric: oh, shut it down. Shut it down. No more. No more. What's your number one? Okay, number one. And I have the, I've had this debate before with others and some people might challenge my answer, but my answer here is a permium.

Have you guys heard of these things? No. 

Erin Daily: Isn't that a little like bacteria size kinda thing? Single 

Tim Ribaric: cell? Yeah. I thought so. Yeah, that has a little tongue that it uses to propel itself around. So when people ask, oh, why is a permium your top animal? I say, what can you do with one cell? Probably nothing.

This poor set of species can live their whole life as one cell. And then they look pretty cool on, it's done. A lot of 

Erin Daily: like true to life pictures. There's a lot of drawings, but I can, 

Tim Ribaric: they're fine. Boy I, the home audience must be thrilled with our use of cell phones in this episode. talking about 

Daniel Brett: pictures, 

Alicia Floyd: They're Googling right along with us, aren't you guys?

Tim Ribaric: Unless you're driving a car, jogging or something, please don't. 

Daniel Brett: But that could be, not driving, but jogging. You could probably do it . It wouldn't be jogging into a pool or anything. Here at the dsl, we don't condone. texting and jogging or driving, that's not texting. You're telling people, ah, looking up things and looking up at what you're doing at the same time.

All right, so if no 

Tim Ribaric: one's gonna challenge me, stay alert on the idea that a permium is a, is an animal. Sometimes I hear otherwise, and that was the point of contention. But anyways, Daniel, what's your take 

Daniel Brett: on this? Oh, my, my favorite animal has been set in stone for a very long time. It has always been a koala.

Koalas . That's so cute. Since I was a tiny, as long back as I can remember actually. Then I've loved Koalas probably cuz one of my very first toys oddly it was a purse, but I didn't know it was a purse for the longest time it was a little koala teddy bear. With a strap. So I just carried it everywhere.

I'm like, this is, did it strap 

Alicia Floyd: onto your back like a backpack? I feel like I might have had something, cause I had a koala backpack. All 

Erin Daily: I feel like I had something similar might 

Daniel Brett: have been aeriel from, it was a single strap, so it hung down at my side and I filled it with all my treasures. When I was like three years old, I would run around my little koala and I loved it so much.

I, I don't actually know how old I was. I was probably older than three, but I remember I loved this koala little pouch. And ever since I've loved koalas. And then the more I learn about them the cooler they are like, mother Koalas can kill a lion if need be. Like they, they sleep 23 hours of the day, but that one hour that one hour.

Erin Daily: Do you like have any plans to go to Australia and see a koala? 

Daniel Brett: It's on my list. I. Plans to see every continent at some point, and that is a continent. There you go. 

Tim Ribaric: I'm sure the Toronto Zoo has some koalas, right? 

Daniel Brett: , Svia, the trip of, oh definitely seen koalas in zoos. Like I've gone and visited them and they sit there and they do nothing and it's great, and they 

Tim Ribaric: sleep.

I can tell you one thing. Safari Niagara does not have any Koles. Then I'm not going 

Erin Daily: sari's. Cause the tigers would eat 

Tim Ribaric: them. That's right. That's why cuz they're on the prowl. They, you know what they do? Tigers are, they're Oh, getcha. They have a bell attached to the neck of the tiger so you can hear them coming.

Hear it coming. Yeah. And you can try to climb up to something high if you need to, but, You're 

Daniel Brett: all mocking me. We're terribly sorry. I sent it. Safari, Niagara . 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. This episode brought to you by Safari Niagara. Come on down to Stevensville, check out 

Erin Daily: Safari Niagara. You're all mocking me, but I 

Daniel Brett: accept just a little, it's not mocking 

Tim Ribaric: me just a little bit.

It's a concern about, wild jungle cats roaming stevensville. 

Daniel Brett: That was an invigorating conversation and I'm quite happy that that went the way it did. But it's time we move on to our serious topic today, . We will let's move on to our main topic.

All right. So for today's main topic, we are going to do some fantasizing, but not in a weird way, in a 

Tim Ribaric: fun way. Oh my gosh. Eject. Hit the eject button. Eject. 

Daniel Brett: We have spent months. Looking toward the opening of the dsl. And it's on the horizon now. We the light is visible and we've come up with some incredible ideas and initiatives that will notate, I have no doubt, rather, make us one of the most valued resources on campus.

Instantly we're going to be the shining star. And no hyperbole there whatsoever. None whatsoever. We will literally be glowing. We're gonna just hang glow sticks all over the place. It'll. , there's an idea , is not about, 

Tim Ribaric: I kinda like that. Let me check the budget for our glow stick line.

how much we budget budgeted 

Daniel Brett: this year for glow sticks dsl, branded glow sticks. So as we move closer to the doors opening we have to start looking a little further than just the opening. We've been working these last few months to make sure that this opening is the best it can be. We've been focusing completely on this opening and every now and.

A little bit further, but mostly on the focusing. And I've noticed in our staff meetings, the focus has begun to shift to from when the doors open to in the next year, we're going to do this, that all of our cool initiatives and that leads into today's discussion question. So we're going to look even further than that.

So imagine that the DSL is suddenly given enough money to do anything we want, and that we had no red tape or limitations whatsoever. . We as a group, were the ones in charge of this money and we just had to use it to make the DSL the greatest thing, if not in the region, but the world. Wow. So we have infinite money.

We can do whatever we want. That's a lot of glow sticks. That is a lot of glow sticks. Oh goodness. Think of 

Tim Ribaric: all the bats and what are those? Slow leans? Slow 

Daniel Brett: floors. So yeah, we could buy. What I want us to do is we're going to pitch an. Of what we would use this money for in a DSL scheme? No nothing selfish.

Oh yeah, we should increase the employee's wages by a million dollars each. Cough. Cough. So I'm gonna start with my example and then you guys can go with yours after that. So my example of what I would do is I would create. In my conceptual brain space, I call the Digital Scholarship Network.

So the Digital Scholarship Network would be an open access repository containing all the tools and the source code for those tools of all the popular tools all around the world. We would go out, we'd find the creators, we'd buy the rights, and we would get those tools and the source code, all of it up in one single place for everyone to use at all times, and it would be global.

Anyone in the world can. There would be a dedicated team of moderators called, funnily enough, DSLs, right? They would be digital scholarship librarians, and they're handling this tool library. And their job is effectively to make sure that any new tools that come up get added in and manage the submissions because it's open access, anyone in the world would be able to make changes like a GitHub repository.

They. Proposed changes, push it up, and then the moderators would take a look and see whether or not it's worth adding to the main thing. So we'd have a dedicated team of moderators handling all that, and the moderators would be based out of universities all around the world that way. Then we have multiple viewpoints.

It's not just us and what tools we think are relevant in our context, but it'd be more of a global context. and the DSN, as I call it, would also contain both written and video tutorials for all of these tools. And they would be created by teams of both experts and novices working together so that the perspectives aren't skewed one way or the other.

And we would hire these teams cuz we have infinite money, which is the best part about this whole thing. And then the culmination of this is that we would host biannual. So twice. Conferences where people from all over the world get flown in. We have a big conference and it's all about tools and showing off the latest tools at all, any given point.

But the real focus is that every single conference will have a theme. There'll be a problem that the world needs solved in the world of technology, and then it'll just basically be a big brainstorming session of big minds coming up with a new tool that will then be put onto the repository. So the result of it.

A new tool being created and we'll do a big competition and there'll be some big prize. It'll be really cool. So that's as far as I got in my brainstorming as 

Erin Daily: Far . Oh my God, that's all I got is 

Alicia Floyd: all you have to do is set dates at this point. . Yeah. 

Erin Daily: Geez. 

Daniel Brett: And also get Bill Gates to sign off on a billion dollars, but, nice.

Thanks. That's a lot of thought. Yeah. So that is what we're going, it doesn't need to be that in depth. I definitely, I obviously spent. Planning it out and thinking about it which is what I thought of this idea first, which led me to the question for the podcast. So that's why it is so 

Tim Ribaric: so if I can unpack your scenario here a little bit.

Absolutely. You're envisioning effectively a library on a global scale, but instead of just books in similar it's resources and tools, right? Yes. 

Daniel Brett: Like the internet, except. But in a curated but better. And specifically about tools. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, that seems like a, that seems like the the library of the future is what you're describing.

To be honest a place where Erin will be the director of when she finishes school, and becomes a successful librarian coming 

Erin Daily: to you in August, 2019. , if there's any librarians 

Daniel Brett: listening, the digital scholarship Network is coming to you in six months, coming 

Erin Daily: to you in six. 

Tim Ribaric: We have our best person 

Erin Daily: on the job by yeah.

It's all being captained by a recent library, school graduate. Not even graduate yet. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh boy. Okay. Very cool. Interesting. Who wants 

Daniel Brett: to go next? I'll go. 

Alicia Floyd: All right. Just cause I'm scared. Someone's gonna have my idea. I don't wanna be the one that's oh, that's what I was gonna say. I didn't even think about that.

Okay. So my wish my first question. Is this endless, limitless money for the rest of our careers, or is this like a one-time only Bill Gates billion dollar donation. Infinite, infinite money. Okay. Yeah. So yes, that's what I require. . 

Daniel Brett: So we're gonna build station on the moon. So 

Alicia Floyd: what I would want is endless, limitless, no boundaries, ability or capability.

engaging and exploring all training opportunities and participation in any sort of event conference learning experience that's available all around the world. So that would mean I would want to be like an explorer for digital scholarship where if there was something in Australia or China or Brazil or where.

we could go and learn as much as possible and be bringing that knowledge back to Brock rather than, we're in our offices and we're learning as much as we can online. And buy reading books and doing our own experimentation with tools. I would want to go to the places that could teach you the best, newest, most innovative.

Right there, hands on and bringing all of that knowledge back. And also any conferences or gatherings or conversations, I would just wanna be able to go and be 100% a participant in everything that's being offered. Because, not everybody has that opportunity. So if we could, take that money and go and learn everything we could, that would be great.

And then also to be, To offer that to the students who are really interested in digital scholarship. . So if there's a student who really wants to go to a conference or they wanna travel somewhere to learn something from someone, then we can offer that to them. So basically full learning and participation 

Daniel Brett: options.

So it would effectively be digital scholarship expeditions that we are pioneering all across the world. . People come to Brock, we all hop on a bus together and then we go on a digital scholarship expedition to the airport, to Australia, right? To a big conference. And then as a group, we come back and we can unpack it on the way and we can have conversations on the plane.

That sounds great, man. I want to be a digital scholarship explorer. 

Alicia Floyd: That's right. And we would all get hats 

Daniel Brett: that match. Bonus. is very important. Yes. , it would be important. How else are we gonna find each other in. Tilly 

Tim Ribaric: hat. Oh, with a Tilly hat. I have no idea. Boy, they're explorer hats that can pass right through an elephant.

There's a big minute story. Wait minute, wait. Okay. . There's a big story about a fella who was on expedition and he lost his Tilly hat and an elephant found it and ate it, and then it came out the backside of the elephant when the elephant was done doing what it does, and the hat was still good. You can put it back on and wear it again.

So they're called Tilly and durables. 

Alicia Floyd: And just to make note, my idea literally just turned out to be.

Tim Ribaric: I see what you did there. My, my big question was, no worries. You have infinite money, so I imagine this plan includes some way to reduce the carbon footprint or to remediate against all the carbon we'd spend traveling around the world. We'd have an electric plane. That's just a given. Gotcha. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. A solar powered plane.

Alicia Floyd: Maybe we installed zip lines just everywhere. 

Daniel Brett: From the top of the rock tower. That's not dangerous. To Australia. To Australia. The world's not curved. So since it's all flat, we can just, 

Alicia Floyd: I'm apparently in a quirky mood today. Zipline flatter is 

Erin Daily: confirmed. You heard it here first. The earth is flat.

Daniel Brett: Oh man. Zip lines across the Atlantic. Let's go. So fucking, which ocean. To the Australia 

Alicia Floyd: until he had some little strings so it ties underneath. Oh. So 

Daniel Brett: it doesn't fall off in a Zipline. It 

Tim Ribaric: doesn't fall off. We need to stop this recording and start working on this plan. . We can't put it out in the world before we get a patent or something on it.

People are gonna steal it from us. 

Erin Daily: There you go. Okay. Top that guys. Yeah, that, that was really good. That was really good. I don't know, when I thought, like when I first read this question, my mind instantly went to. like massage chairs and like putting, like dance Revolution selfie, like in the middle of the , 

Daniel Brett: Frank and family plan.

This is why I put the 

Erin Daily: stipulation here. I know. No selfish, nothing, selfie, nothing. It's like it's gotta be for like everybody else, not just, so now we know what you do on your weekend. Dance revolution then massage chairs, . But if I have, if I'm not allowed to be selfish and I can only spend money on things that are gonna benefit other people My mind goes to something with like something based on visualizations, just cuz that's a lot of what I do.

I know that like a lot of the visualizations that I interact with and the ones that I create as well, there's a lot of interactivity there. . And it can be hard to translate that. So I would want like a big huge like touchscreen, like visualization wall where people can like, mess around and create their own visualizations and kind of mess with Work that's 

Daniel Brett: been done.

This is infinite money. You could have a holographic studio, could, would be cool visualizations that get printed in the sky by 

Alicia Floyd: airplanes. What that Tom Cruise movie where he is flinging the stuff around on the screen, but there's 

Erin Daily: no screen. It's minority Report. 

Daniel Brett: Like full VR visualizations that people can walk around and see their data and you're just like, so I'm not good with this one and this one, and smash them together.

And then they explode into a cool new galaxy of visualization stuff. 

Erin Daily: Yeah. That's what she want. That's my idea. That's what she said right there. Exactly. That's, I'm not good with like dreaming. She's sounds an inventor. This sounds terrible, but like I'm not good with dreaming big when it comes to money.

Like people ask oh, if you won the water, what'd you do? I'd be like, I don't know, I'm buy a sweater or something. . I was 

Tim Ribaric: like, have a nice, really 

Daniel Brett: nice sweater. I 

Erin Daily: could, go out and increase my sweater collection, like 

Daniel Brett: a thread count of 20, 

Erin Daily: buy a nice reliable Honda, that kind of deal.

It's called pragmatism. Exactly. Yeah. I'm very p Cherish. Cherish that. So build a bubble to stay 

Alicia Floyd: away from all animals. To stay away from all the 

Erin Daily: animal. That's the thing, like I tell people that I'm afraid of tigers and people are like, oh, tigers are endangered. I'm like, I don't want them to all die out.

I just, don't want them around you 

Daniel Brett: unless 

Tim Ribaric: don't want 'em around me. Unless they're close. And then, yeah, 

Erin Daily: then you have to die. I just, yeah. So I'm very pragmatic. But yeah, the visualization in the galaxy sounds fun. So I'll go with that. 

Daniel Brett: Good answer. Yeah, that's a good one. 

Tim Ribaric: All right, so in true Tim fashion, I'm gonna go about telling a par.

Oh boy. And then answer by not answering and coming up with something really wide arching, that's not really an answer. So if you're 

Erin Daily: playing bingo at home, you can mark that down. Yeah. With bingo cards. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. We're still working on the bingo cards coming soon. , 

Tim Ribaric: the eyes are rolling in this room so quickly.

I think people are getting vertical. Okay. My answer goes to the land of Star Trek. So if you think about Star Trek, they live in a society that. Everything material. And a friend of mine likes to describe this in a way that's called post scarcity. They're in a place where there's no such thing as limited assets.

There's no limited resources. Everything is available. So when you have everything that's available, you have no desire for stuff anymore because everyone has the same amount of stuff. And you could desire stuff, you play with the stuff and put it on your shelf and look at it a bit and say, ah, I don't need any more stuff.

Stuff is good. And the idea. A quality of stuff also means a quality of opportunity for people. Because everyone has the same amount of stuff, everyone has the same amount of time, everyone has the same amount of resources to go to school, to pursue a passion, to make a replicator that makes Tea Earl Gray hot and stuff like that, right?

And you can focus on different things. So my. Almost trivial example, and stop me if you've heard this one before, I know you probably all have, is there's an episode of Star Trek, t n g Riker is doing some reconnaissance on a planet that's not part of the federation. So he like walks into a bar. and there's a lady who's got four hands playing keyboard and he's trying to get information out of her and he's trying to be really coy about it.

And then she looks at him at one point during the conversation and she says if you put something down on the keyboard, maybe I could, maybe that would refresh my memory. And then he looks at her with a gast in his eyes and he goes, Put something down the keyboard. I don't even have pockets on this outfit.

How am I supposed to carry money on me? So every time I think about a future, that's perfect. I always think about Star Trek and not having pockets on your clothes because you don't need pockets, because you don't need anything to put in your pockets. So if I had all the money, infinite money, I'll ask Star Trek.

I would create an environment that was post scarcity where everyone could come. Not worry about what the tool is, how much it costs, what amount of people or resources it takes to put together, but the they could be motivated by the research question that they're trying to answer. So someone comes in and says, I believe that in the 18th century people in Ireland had a pre-day election to use this type of word over another, that everything else fades away and the only preoccupation that they need to pursue is how they'll answer that question.

Take that example in a different sort of world. The four of us are sitting about with another idea that comes to mind. Oh, I don't even know because I haven't put much brain power into it. And suddenly you don't have to worry about who's gonna set up the software, who's going to , massage the the request, who's gonna communicate it up and down and across and make sure the marketing communications message that comes out of it is, one that's relatable.

You don't have to sell your idea, you just have to pursue it. That, to me, is what I want to accomplish with infinite money Now. How does that work out? The first step obviously is to buy jumpsuits for everyone with no pockets on them, and we'll all we will all wear Tilly and durable hats and it's quite the look that's a heck of a look.

Yeah, we can zip down on those zip lines as we're traveling around the world, but, if we're in this post scarcity world, we can just use the transporter. And, from my understanding of the Star Trek universe, there is. Severe negative environmental consequence of using a transporter.

So I think we're good all around. All right. Any questions from the audience about my wild scheme? . 

Alicia Floyd: I like it, but it makes me think back again to Mary Poppins Mary or I agree. Because it's just, you want it to happen and you don't have to worry about how it's gonna happen. You just, it just does sing a song, wheel your nose, then it's done.

Yeah. Then it happens. 

Erin Daily: , that'd 

Daniel Brett: be nice. I like the idea. Using infinite money for a world peace, which is effectively . 

Erin Daily: I thought we were, 

Daniel Brett: I was hoping we would limit it to the DSL mindset, but hey, world peace would benefit the dsl, I guess so. That's a valid, I 

Tim Ribaric: dunno if you want to call it world peace.

Daniel Brett: Well, a post scarcity society is effectively world peace. 

Tim Ribaric: I don't know if you watch Star Trek every, episodes do have conflict in them, so it's not necessarily 

Daniel Brett: I meant world as an earth piece. There we 

Erin Daily: go. That's pretty, we're narrowing it down. That's pretty buttoned up.

World piece to earth piece. . 

Daniel Brett: Yeah, they, I've watched an off Star Trek. Mostly only Voyager though, cuz that's my favorite. But to know that earth in the, that movie is in those shows rather is done. It's they've achieved perfection and now they're spreading that around. Their idea of perfection around the.

Tim Ribaric: So my hashtag no pockets is gonna be the thing I say for the rest of my life as we're pursuing this. So no pockets. Years from now, you'll see me on Twitter saying, hashtag no pockets. That means we've accomplished the digital scholarship. What was yours, Daniel? What was it called? The digital Scholarship Network.

The digital scholarship. Full of digital scholarship. Explor Explorers. Explorers sitting on vibrating chairs playing ddr. Yeah, 

Daniel Brett: that's the goal. Hashtag no pockets ddr defeats the purpose of ddr. No, you don't have to do it at the 

Erin Daily: same time. You could. That would be a fun, 

Daniel Brett: you play it on the we with your fingers.

That's not fun. It's like I'm playing ddr. Look at me. Go. The 

Erin Daily: whole point is to get a 

Daniel Brett: workout in. Yeah. You tell people that. I'm 

Erin Daily: focusing on the future. So that's 

Tim Ribaric: the world we wanted, guys, 

Daniel Brett: people. I feel like let's get going on it. That's a pretty good I like how everything tied together at the end.

That was effectively the answer I was looking for. I was wondering if anybody was gonna go the world peace route and, Yep. I was not disappointed. 

Erin Daily: See, I could have gone the world peace route if I knew that we didn't have to stake within the dsl. 

Daniel Brett: Oh, I applied heavily that you had to stay within 

Erin Daily: the dsl.

I could end it global warming like you. Stopped all the wars, all that, 

Alicia Floyd: negative breed, a zillion tigers, so they're not endangered. 

Erin Daily: Hard pass, that's fine. That's a hard pass for me, but, 

Tim Ribaric: You could put 'em on their own island or I 

Erin Daily: could put them on their own, but I don't know.

Then you have A tiger 

Daniel Brett: island. Just build a sanctuary for them on the road island, I've seen. Put them on the moon. Then 

Erin Daily: you don't have to worry. I have seen enough scary movies to know that when you. Species on their own island that it just, it 

Daniel Brett: goes wrong. It's all, they become sentient and they take over and then they take over.

That's 

Tim Ribaric: just, and that's the plot of every Jurassic 

Daniel Brett: Park movie ever. Yeah. Oh. They became 

Erin Daily: sentient seen, I've seen enough Jurassic Park to know that putting tigers on an island by themselves is just 

Daniel Brett: not, see Jurassic Parks failure was that they, their fences always fail. But that's their problem. , every single Jurassic Park movie.

I don't know if I say 

Erin Daily: That's the main problem. 

Daniel Brett: I think also they put humans on the island with 

Alicia Floyd: the dinosaur also. They made dinosaurs and they receive 

Tim Ribaric: it. Dinosaurs. That's probably what it is. Yeah, exactly.

Daniel Brett: I feel like this was productive and so let's get back to what the whole point of this was. The whole point of this was to get our brain juice. looking to larger scale things than what we're, what we've been looking at now. Not that what we're looking at now isn't large scale, but I wanted us to expand our focus a little bit and see what potential things could be out there.

And maybe out of all of our crazy ideas we can come up with, boil them down to something more reasonable with it's a little less infinite money and more like a nice grant would get us this. 

Erin Daily: Plus infinite money more. 

Daniel Brett: It's a nice grant. So sorry to deceive you into coming up with new ideas for the DSL

This was secretly a brainstorming session all along

Erin Daily: One day when we're all living with Open Pockets, people will look back to this specific episode and be like, wow. Remember when those guys predicted the future? 

Tim Ribaric: Hashtag no pockets. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah, hashtag no pockets. So hopefully this has expanded our focus a little bit and given us a bit of a wider perspective.

where we're headed. Okay, so now that we've thought about what we would do if we had infinite money, let's flip it. What happens if a large budget cut comes from somewhere and we have to come up with new initiatives with no money 

Tim Ribaric: interest? 

Daniel Brett: Wow. Okay. We need to think of shoes 

Tim Ribaric: on the other foot 

Daniel Brett: is what you're saying.

Yeah. Instead of going all the way to world peace, what if we suddenly lost whatever funding we had? We had just barely enough to keep the doors open, the lights on, and us employed. Okay. But we still want to. We want to move forwards. We want the university to grow and focus on us. We still wanna shine just as bright with our million glow sticks worth of amperage.

Erin Daily: Do we still have all the stuff that we had before, all the resources budget got cut? Do we 

Daniel Brett: get to all the resources that we're gonna have when the doors open? Okay, that's all we got. That's 

Erin Daily: all we got. No 

Alicia Floyd: more money. So I would say that if we had no money, we would build on our strengths and our.

For me, strengths are always people, so I would want to really work for collaboration. We have some collaborations on the go right now, which always seem to be the exciting point for all of us, and they really do create a lot of buzz around campus. So I think I would just. Get out there, meet people, meet new people, and figure out what cool and amazing and creative things that we can do in terms of digital scholarship with other groups and departments on campus, off campus, community groups.

I 

Daniel Brett: like the idea. I especially like how it relates to your other ideas. So basically being a digital scholarship. But local. Yeah. Learn from others. . we could still do the digital scholarship expeditions, but instead of going. on a zip line to Australia. Then we would walk out the door and go over to the cdh, the Center for Digital Humanities and walk into somebody's office with our hats on that we made out of paper.

Because I was gonna say, we don't have any budget money. No budget money for hats. 

Tim Ribaric: Really. There's no more 

Daniel Brett: show up at paper hat. We've got our paper hats on that says we're serious on it. DSL on one side, work with us. We're serious. We're very serious on the 

Alicia Floyd: other side because of the bottom line of what my first idea was still learning from others, just traveling and doing it.

So we can still do all of that learning right here at Brock. 

Daniel Brett: We're gonna have to just write this down. It's okay. New initiative. It's called the dsl Explorers, the walking Tour. We'll do around campus. We'll do a walking tour around campus. We'll take a day. We'll have. Is provided by our moms because we don't have money, , , or wives for, or spouses for those of us that are older.

And then we can just walk around campus, go to every single office, knock on the door and say, Hey, we're not begging, but , you know what's funny? We would like your ideas. 

Tim Ribaric: Please. You pitched this idea about. The negative or how could we make do and my mind immediately operationalizes something and I have more of a laid out plan, which to me, as I always say, I'm always on the darkest timeline.

So I've this exercise of what happens if we hit a, If we hit a freeze and it's just what we have and suddenly my mind is reeling with all the things that we should do or what can do. And now Daniel, you've accomplished your task of setting out a brainstorming session that can, circle background to how we actually pull things off because I'm immediately.

Going about. Okay. What we have to do we gotta support all free tools. We don't go for anything that has a price tag on it. , we rely on volunteers. And our volunteers we've had offers for people to volunteer with us already and we haven't even opened up. So being on the darkest timeline, makes things bleak, but p.

To circle around back to Aaron's point. So if you were to say, if we had the same thing moving forward, what could we do? Oh boy. I'm gonna write some stuff down and actually make it happen because that is a prompt of all prompts if you ask me. Thank you, Daniel. I do 

Daniel Brett: what I 

Erin Daily: can. I think to build off of what Alicia was saying about collaboration, I think a lot of what we do relies on the student.

And you know the faculty as well cuz they're all doing research as well, but I think a lot of what we do relies on the students, like with workshops and volunteers and all that kind of stuff. So I think if we didn't have any money to start any new projects, I think the most logical thing to do would be to go to the students and get their thoughts on what we could do.

Mainly because you. as a university student, I'm very familiar with working on a budget and knowing what to do and how to make things work when you have limited or no money. And the students are such a big part of our services and such a big part of what we do. So I would, I'd probably go to them 

Daniel Brett: first.

So we could have a student brainstorming session. Yeah. Or an open door brainstorming session where anyone who has any ideas for the DSL can come in. Can come in 

Erin Daily: And pitch it. And pitch 

Daniel Brett: it. And yeah. And then we'll filter through them and take the I really like that. That 

Tim Ribaric: sounds very optimistic. I unlike what you told us earlier, you should 

Daniel Brett: write that down.

I like that idea of just an open door. Open door. What do we do? Suggestion 

Erin Daily: box. We have no money. Now 

Daniel Brett: what? We wouldn't say that way. 

Erin Daily: No, but 

Daniel Brett: let's the, Hey, everybody, 

Erin Daily: we're broke. we're broke. You're broke. Let's let's find some common ground. Let's, here let's find some common ground here.

Yeah. So that would be my first instinct. 

Daniel Brett: I quite like that. 

Erin Daily: How 

Alicia Floyd: about you, 

Erin Daily: Danielle? 

Daniel Brett: I think that. Taking our ideas from before our infinite money ideas and then flipping them, but like finding a way to achieve something similar on a smaller scale is the way I would want to go with this. So creating an open source repository.

We're trying to get Porter into something like that. That's one of the tools that we're looking into right now. But maybe down the road we can come up with some sort of tool repository and. , cater it ourselves and keep it small. We could be the digital scholarship librarians.

There you 

Tim Ribaric: go. Hashtag no pockets, , 

Daniel Brett: hashtag no pocket, 

Erin Daily: no money. You can't have any pockets, I 

Daniel Brett: feel like. So there you go. It's a lot easier to think of things to do with infinite money than it is with no money. It's too close to home for some people. We've all been there, I'm sure, and a lot of our listeners probably have been there as well in their past.

But the point is you get. , you make the best out of it. And there's always that chance for infinite money later. So you just gotta make sure the infrastructure is sound so that when the infinite money comes, you're ready to go. You got your ideas, you're just ready to 

Tim Ribaric: fire it off. It's only a matter of time till we get that infinite money.

Yeah 

Daniel Brett: it's definitely coming. We're got a meeting with Bill Gates this afternoon. Yeah. Yeah. Go home. Send emails to Bill Gates. Hey, we've got this idea for give us infinite 

Tim Ribaric: money. B gates hotmail.com . 

Daniel Brett: So imagine if Bill 

Erin Daily: Gates doesn't have a Microsoft email address. The irony of that, 

Tim Ribaric: I doubt he's answering email himself.

That's true. Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: There's at least three people between him and his emails. and one ai. Anyways I think that's, this has been quite a wild ride. I think we'll drop anchor here.

Okay, so that was more of an interesting conversation than I thought. We've come up with definitely some DSL inside jokes that you are all now privy to. Hashtag pockets, loose tigers, that sort of thing. Loose 

Erin Daily: tigers are not a joke, , it's a very serious, those 

it's 

Daniel Brett: a serious circumstance.

Special dsl, branded hats and jumpsuits and zip lines to Australia. So I'd love to hear what our listeners have to say about this, what their ideas for both halves of it would be. So if, hey, if you want to shoot us ideas for what you would do in the DSL mindset with infinite money don't be too selfish.

Or what we, you would do or just suggestions for us at present with limited resources. Let us know at any of our social media accounts. Or you can even shoot us an email at dsl brock you dot. And also don't forget to check out our awesome introduction to the in Introduction to Data Visualization workshop.

It's coming up on May 6th, so we'll probably mention it in the next podcast, but put it on your calendar now.

