ep12
===

Daniel Brett: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. My name's Daniel Brett, and I will be your acting captain today. My contract dictates that I must feed our rabid listeners their biweekly dose of personal information about the cast. So here is today's ice breaking question. The question is, what was the best cartoon villain from your childhood?

By best, most interesting, terrifying, evil or memorable. And then I'll ask you to describe why they are the best. And to kick it off, I'll start with mine just so that we can get a feel. Mine was, oh. Oh, here we go. Judge Cloud Frolo from Hunchback of Notre Dame. The animated one. That's a good one.

Okay. Yep. And what made him the scariest villain for me was that of all the partly it was the scene in the movie where they sang song Hellfire that. Stuck with me as a kid and I had nightmares about it for a very long time. But also he was the first real villain that was just a guy.

He didn't have any sort of magical powers. He wasn't some like magical creature. He was just a guy who believed he was right. and he clearly explained why he was right, why he thought he was right. And then he was just terrifying because of it. See? See, 

Tim Ribaric: I was gonna stop you there, Daniel, and say that movie didn't come out when I was a child.

But you were at a child. You were a child at a different age than me. Oh dear. So I was gonna say, that's not from my childhood. It's perhaps from your childhood. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. So way back when the dinosaurs ruled the earth, , what cartoons did they even have back then that made you scared? 

Tim Ribaric: I saw this question and then I went down memory lane thinking about what villains populated my mind and my, it scared me when I was a child.

So I went to the shows that I loved the most, and I thought about Dr. Claw, the raspy sounding man who runs. Which I suppose he named after himself and his cat. But he turned out to be not the smartest guy in the world cuz he's always foiled by a 10 year old girl. And the uselessness of Inspector Gadget, it's never found on him.

He always seems to blow right by that. And then I thought, what else? And then I thought about Cobra Commander from. Interesting how these guys named themself after themself. Cobra Commander was also a blundering Bumbo who didn't really do anything or know what was going on, so that was, he wasn't particularly scary.

And then I started thinking about other things, maybe Sir Pento or Globus, but I don't know, they weren't scary enough. And then I thought about other things too transformers and Megatron. Megatron was, I don't know, in the same caliber as Cobra Commander and Dr. Claw. Just a bumbling dumb.

They couldn't figure out what he was doing. And then that leads me to the ultimate bumbling dumb Skeletor who didn't know anything and was a real bumbling, dumb. To answer the question I went back and it's not necessarily an animated villain, but it's not necessarily a real one either.

So I decided to go with the gremlin. From the movie Gremlins, they start off as cute little mawes and if you pour water on them, which is highly available anywhere, they turn into these monsters that destroy everything and are like Ninja Turtles. They just glom their environment and turn into a monster that sort of represents their environment, which is scary and ex, exciting because they can actually accomplish some bad stuff.

All the other villains I've been talking. bumbling, dumb dumbs that don't do anything but gremlins. The, those guys were scary. So I'm gonna stick with gremlins. 

Daniel Brett: Gremlins are a pretty good one, although I think you had the triggering factor with them backwards. If you pour water on them, they multiply.

It's only if you feed them after midnight. that they turn into monsters. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, good call. Good call. See, I was too young when this movie came out. So you were probably older when you finally watched this film, right? No, 

Daniel Brett: I watched the first. When the second one came out. Oh, okay. 

Tim Ribaric: All right. So I'm still gonna claim that when I was a kid, gremlin scared the crap outta me.

Alicia Floyd: I loved Gizmo. He was my fve. He was so cute. So I think we're touching on age here first, and for our listeners, I'll just say that although we've alluded to age on, I think every single podcast, we've never actually shared our birth years with each other. But the more. Am involved in this situation. I think that Tim and I were probably born in the same year, but I'm not certain yet because all of his answers are ones that I I was definitely gonna mention Skeletor.

I was a huge Heman fan when I was little, believe it or not. But so the question we did get this question in advance, and the question is worded, what was the best cartoon villain from your c. . So that wording really messed with me, Daniel. You're welcome. The best cartoon villain. So firstly, that's why I clarified.

Yes. I was one of those kids who wasn't a fan of the villain. I'm the kind of kid who hates the villain. And so the first one that came to mind was Dark Heart. From the Care Bears. Dark Hart was terrifying and he could transform into, like in the Care Bear movie, he transforms into a boy who tries to destroy the care Bears.

That's a good one. I also thought of Inspector Gadget, and you could only ever see his actual claw arm pet in the cat. Yeah. I have in my mind that there was one episode where you got to see his face, and I've told this to people in the past before, but they all tell me I'm wrong, so I'm probably wrong.

Tim Ribaric: that sounds like an urban legend from Yeah, from the eighties. Yeah. No there's one episode and it's only on after 9:00 PM when we're all asleep. , 

Alicia Floyd: I also liked the Thundercats and I had in my name mum. Mom was so scary, . So if you're talking about terrifying, I was terrified of mom. . And, but if we're talking about terrified in the first sense of movies I was absolutely petrified of the Wicked Witch of the West from Wizard VAs.

. Yes. I had nightmares about her. Oh, wow. I don't know. She scared me. The, when the feet roll up from under the house, it's scary. . But my final answer is actually going to be Gar. Garel. SMUs. Also just a regular dude from the neighborhood. Yep. He had a pet cat named Israel.

And I think that the reason I picked him is cuz he was the least terrifying of all the villains that I thought about. . He had this idea that if he captured all the Smurfs, he could turn them into gold and become wealthy. And he was always outsmarted by the Smurfs, but he was also a sympathetic.

villain. Like he was lonely and he really loved his cat. And he helped the Smurfs destroy their other villains or survive their other villains that were there. So he was, I don't know, I don't think he actually wanted to kill 'em. I think he just wanted to be their friend. And the other thing that's neat about Garel is that he created Smurfette in one of his, ploys?

. That's right. And. Papa a smurf meter into a real smurf, but , yeah, there's a whole, there's a whole thing going on the smurf. I really like the Smurf . I have some toy Smurfs at home if you're interested in taking a look at those. But my answer is Garel. 

Daniel Brett: Oh dear . Interesting. It was very unexpected, but it it served the purposes of my ploy, which was to talk about villains and how a good villain can really make a story more memor.

and behind every good villain is a good writer. A writer's job is one that it's one of the most difficult jobs in the world to be good at. And one of the most important skills that makes a great writer is the ability to know and in that process for their audience. Writers, of course, aren't the only ones who benefit from knowing their audience and writing for the audience.

So today's episode, we are going to delve into the. Of knowing your audience and how that applies to the digital scholarship lab.

All right, so imagine you're working at a grocery store and a man approaches you. He asks you where to find the pasta sauce you explain denial for. He heads off, you go back to work. Pretty normal interaction at a grocery store. , but now imagine that scenario again, except this time it's a five year old girl looking for the spaghetti sauce.

Because that's what five year old girls sound like. . How would you change your directions? Would 

Alicia Floyd: you I just have to interject there and say I almost corrected that as a typo and then thought, no, that might be what you want. It is 

Daniel Brett: a hundred percent intentional that was in the script. , I s spelled it, spa peti.

But how would that change how you give your directions? Would you walk them over to the aisle? Would. interact with them in a different way. Would you change your tone of voice? And what if instead of a little girl, it was an elderly gentleman or a blind man with his seeing eye dog, what if it was your best friend?

Every time we interact with a different person, we adjust how we talk to them based on all sorts of criteria and nurture that we've received. All sorts of mental things affect how we interact with people and what we're doing. essentially is we're adjusting how we talk based on our audience. So we are writing for our audience.

So that's gonna lead into the next question, which is, think about the last workshop that you taught. We've all taught workshops at this point. We're basically experts when you were basically, when you were prepping the material for that workshop, what considerations did you. on the audience that you expected to attend that workshop.

So Tim, 

Tim Ribaric: I thought the question here was gonna be how would I direct that five year old girl who's looking for spat ? And if I was working in a grocery store, I know I'd immediately know that I was in a nightmare because the only nightmares I have is working in retail again. Oh dear.

If I was asked where the ETT sauce is, I would say, oh my God, I'm asleep right now and I'm being. So I would wake up and then go I don't know, try to assassinate the person who was trying to assassinate me. That would be my answer, but I didn't know that was the question. So 

Daniel Brett: exception. 

Tim Ribaric: Goodness.

Yeah. , did that come out when you were a child? 

Daniel Brett: It came out while I was alive. 

Tim Ribaric: close enough. Boy. Oh boy. So I think there's this thing I say too often to get back to the real. Real question. A real answer for the real question. I think there's a thing I say too often where I say, I can play jazz or I'll play jazz when I really mean is I'll improvise.

So I think, I don't consciously answer this question when I'm preparing for material, but I make sure I have an answer for every particular level that I'm. Expecting so I don't go in and then say, I don't what I'm preparing, let me just put it this way. I don't say to myself, okay, these are acronyms I'm gonna avoid.

This is a level of specificity I'm gonna avoid. What I probably do is shiny up all my anecdotes and stories to make sure that they're ready to roll. In case I need to teach with storytelling. And then I also make sure I over prepare like crazy in terms of getting examples that sort of talk to each different skill set and level.

So unfortunately, my answer is unsatisfying because it's a non-answer. Or I'm gonna say I don't answer, I don't think about this. I just make sure I have lots of everything ready to roll at any one time, which you know is. interesting. Because on the other hand, I always say fake it till you make it. So I'm saying both things all at the same time.

Daniel Brett: Okay. 

Alicia Floyd: See, I knew you didn't believe the fake it till you'll 

Daniel Brett: make it thing . Yeah that's a crutch. That's definitely a crutch. Alright, Alicia, so I'm pretty sure your last one was the intro to data visualization, correct? It was. All right. How would you answer this? . 

Alicia Floyd: Okay, so the question is how do I prepare in terms of talking to the audience?

Daniel Brett: So what considerations do you make when prepping your material based on the audience that you expected to attend? 

Alicia Floyd: Okay, so I have a hard time answering this too, because I tend in this environment, at Brock, in this role. And doing workshops here, the ones that I've done, I haven't really taken into account the audience, which is maybe not the.

Now that we're having this conversation. But what I've always taken into account is what I am supposed to be teaching and the level that we've advertised that. Okay. Okay. So this one that you're referring to, introduction to da. Data visualization was advertised as a very introductory level overview of what data visual visualization is.

And the. methods for creating data visualizations, what you, what the pros are, what the cons are, what you wanna do, what you wanna stay away from. So it was more coming up with examples to demonstrate all of this in a way that was not super boring. . So I think the one thing I try to consider in terms of audience is try to do something that isn't boring.

I'm a big fan of visuals. I usually have a very well planned out PowerPoint presentation, . And that's usually the content that I'm concerned about. But I like what Tim said about having a lot of examples and anecdotes because I'm usually good for my whole presentation. And then the minute they come up with a question that I wasn't expecting, I'm like there's someone else in the room who can answer this question better than I can.

So I, I think I need to brush up on. Anticipation of every single possible question. 

Tim Ribaric: A very simple task, if you put it that way. 

Daniel Brett: prepping, ready for anything. Prepping for a workshop doesn't necessarily mean prepping for every eventuality. And you actually touched upon something that I was going to get into in a moment.

In that you said you don't think you planned specifically for any one group, and then you immediately followed up by saying that in this environment, I just do this, which is planning based on a university 

Alicia Floyd: audience. I think I'm, when I said that, I meant more like in my environment. Yes. So in my past role, I would've felt I'm new to this role as everyone know.

Absolutely. So in my past role, I had a lot of confidence in what I was doing. I felt like I knew every single. was going on. I wasn't worried about questions, I wasn't worried about, oh, maybe I didn't explore that avenue of that tool. I just knew all of the things that I was teaching. And so I think, in this environment I'm more concerned with making sure that I know the subject matter and that I'm going to relay it. So in my own environment, I guess is what I'm talking about there. But yeah, very valid point. 

Daniel Brett: So my example is, . My most recent workshop that I ran was actually one for O A L T, which is the Ontario Association of Library Technicians. I taught an open refined workshop there, and it was a pretty eyeopening experience prepping for that versus prepping for other workshops that I've done here in that this was for public librarians versus all of the ones I've done here, which is for students and staff of a university.

I had my normal process for planning was go to software carpentry, find the thing, and then adjust it based on who was coming to the session. But what I did differently for this one was I actually went to library carpentry instead. So I specifically picked material targeted towards my audience knowing that my audience was going to be public librarians.

University minded people. And part of what we've all been doing for most of our workshops, I imagine, is we've just been gearing them all towards university minded people. So when you made your visualization workshop, you are somewhat familiar with this environment at this point. So potentially even subconsciously, you.

with those people in mind. And same with all of the workshops that we do, but we're in a minute, then we're actually gonna get into trying to break that mold a little bit. And 

Tim Ribaric: this reminds me of a story where I was I was doing a workshop, believe it or not, for a class of grade one students, oh dear.

Was a couple years ago when my eldest was in grade one. . So we had a box of these devices called microbits. Microbits are a fancy little computer device that were made by the bbc. Please check them out. They're very interesting. And they only cost $10 a piece. So I was, had I had a group of seven year olds that I needed to instruct on what these things were and I over-prepared talking about why would I like to do, and then I was trying to teach them about probability at the same time as using these microbits.

And it just, it was probably a little bit. and then there was like a fire alarm right in the middle of my second session. So that was great because that got me off the hook. But the one thing I suppose I should mention is that I also brought in a Makey into the classroom. And Makey is this kind of thing that turns anything into a keyboard.

So I was doing the banana keyboard which is effectively just plug a bunch of bananas into this thing and then it makes little. and that's what won the day. The kids didn't know anything about computers or whatever. They were just like, I smashed a banana, and it made a sound. So yeah it's difficult to adjust your expectations and learning outcomes to a way that makes sense.

And it kills me when I try to do it for a group of seven year olds. I just couldn't do it. I couldn't do it at all. , it's a challenging question. You're posing us 

Alicia Floyd: here, Daniel. The question really though is can you bring the Mickey here and can we smash. Oh, sure, 

Tim Ribaric: yes. . Without saying

There's a, another interesting one you can do like a make a YouTube a jukebox. So you have to have at least two children holding onto the leads of the singing. And anytime they put their fingers together or do a fist bump, it completes the circuit and it'll turn on the music. You get a real kick out of like tapping each other on the hand and music starts.

So that's the other one, which absolutely killed with the seven year old crowd. , that's cool. Discussing probability and rolling sevens with dice is not, does not win seven year olds. But, smashing bananas and turning on YouTube with their fingers is is 

Alicia Floyd: real winners? I don't know.

I feel like you missed your calling. You should be an elementary school teacher. Oh 

Tim Ribaric: God. , I swear too much probably to be an elementary school teacher. That's very. and my skin is covered with things I shouldn't show little children. Not to say they're Lew or whatnot, but I don't know how well that works in our school environment.

he 

Daniel Brett: means tattoos for the listeners at home. . That's right. He's talking about tattoos. Nothing else. You clarify. Yeah. So knowing your audience and adjusting your teaching methods and content accordingly, make a huge difference in how well your learners comprehend and absorb the material you are teaching.

So there's two sides. To playing to your audience, to adjusting for your audience. One is your teaching methods and one is the content. As Tim just said that he adjusted his teaching methods based on his audience. He knew that the math stuff wasn't jiving. So he switched. Bananas and music but also switching the content like when I switched from using a software targeted carpentry lesson to a library targeted car carpentry lesson based on who I was doing my presentation for.

So that's gonna lead us into our little challenge here where we are going to do some brainstorming on adjustments that we can make based. Our audience. Oh, okay. All right. So I'm going to name a workshop that you have either taught or attended, and you're going to tell me how you would prep that workshop differently for each of these three groups for academics.

So in this environment effectively. So that should be the easy one, because you've all either attended or taught a workshop for academics. Business professionals, and I'm not talking business students who are very close to academics. I'm talking like CEOs and big business people who don't understand the, an, the, an analytics without a visualization showing them exactly what it means.

And then Tim, you're gonna have a leg up on this cause you've had practice grade school. Tim, since you're so eager, oh, we're gonna start with you and we're gonna start with how would you teach Python? How would you adjust your teaching of a Python workshop for, first of all, 

Tim Ribaric: academics. . Good question.

And I'm not stalling for time right now thinking about how I'm going to answer your question if that's why you're 

Daniel Brett: looking at Tim Va for time. Everybody check your bingo cards. . . 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, that's another thing I do. . What I'll say is hopefully that my Python workshops already at a. appropriate for academics.

So I can just talk about what I do instead of talking about how I would change them. Yes. I suppose the thing is, I would assume some knowledge of mathematics if you're in an academic environment, which will probably stave me from explaining some things. . But what I would talk about, is more of I guess the intended outcomes of these things.

So the research life cycle. , for example. Or how using Python can contribute to producing research. So with end game of research in mind, I'd probably say Python is an analysis platform or tool or so programming language and platform. They'll let you do some analytical things to help you conduct research and then plan accordingly.

Okay. . Secondly, for business professionals? Yes. 

Daniel Brett: Business professionals. . So these people, they probably wouldn't care about a lot of the things that you just said, . Yeah. 

Tim Ribaric: There, they're, I think if I'm gonna step into the mindset of a business professional, they're thinking about return on investment making sure things have some sort of payoff and that there's a bottom line.

And that if you do something, it's to advance the bottom line in some respect, in a much, Tangible dollars and cents method. So what I would say, I guess is that, or what I would counter that with or return by saying that Python allows you to automate processes or get to the bottom of certain processes in a quicker amount of time, and then start showing how that can be accomplished.

So for example, to tie it back to the academic world, however, it's a valid, it's a valid example. So bear with me. I wrote up a script that checks links in our catalog. So approximately 90 thou, or approximately 900,000 links exist in our catalog at the time I wrote the software anyways. And what this thing did was check to make sure that all those links functioned properly.

. Imagine a human being having to do the same job. It would be impossible. You can't check 90,000, 900,000 links, pardon me, point, 0.9 million. Let me put it that way by hand, because your arm would fall off and you punch a hole in the wall and then you would die of boredom at the table. So I created a script that does all that manually, and it spreads things out over a little bit of time.

So it doesn't really hammer the system all at once. Freed up a person's time to do something else. . So I think I would probably approach the business professionals tutorial along the similar lines. Think of all the processes that you're doing by a human that could be automated. In a specific way, and these kinds of tools might help you accomplish that.

Daniel Brett: Save money by firing people. I like it. That's very businessy. . Get a computer to do the work for 

Tim Ribaric: them. , feed them up to do other things. 

Daniel Brett: Okay, we'll do, and how about for 

Tim Ribaric: children? . We'll do an episode at some point about living in a post scarcity world where we'll never have to work ever again, which is what we're all careening towards, I hope anyways.

The computers do everything. We don't have to do anything. That's the upshot of that. 

Daniel Brett: Oh boy. So python for grade school children. Oh, grade school children. This is a tough one. And remember, we're looking for both the methods of teaching and the content that you would 

Tim Ribaric: teach, method and the content.

Do I have better sense of what grade these children are in? Do I get that or does it need to be K to. 

Daniel Brett: K to eight. K to eight grade 

Tim Ribaric: school. Oh, grade school is what I considered, right? Yep. Okay. You got me there. Okay. K to eight. This is admittedly 

Daniel Brett: this. We'll say one to eight. One to eight.

We're probably not teaching kindergartner's. Python, , , not yet. Anyways. They're pretty smart. They can use smartphones, but that's 

Tim Ribaric: true. That's true. This is admittedly probably the most challenging question you've ever asked me in the history of this podcast. That's the idea. Yeah. I don't know. Children of that age, I don't know.

What is a compelling example for children of that age? I don't know. I wouldn't say make a game because that takes a lot of programming. It's not a trivial task to make a game. , and I think you'd lose a lot of kids along the way. What I would, I don't know, maybe I would try to , oh gosh. I'm defaulting to statistics again in my head, so I would think, oh, let's bring up some Minecraft information or Fortnite information and try to determine some trends in it.

But that, ah, God. Yeah. I know. I'm rolling. My eyes are rolling in my own head right now. Oh boy. I'm gonna politely say that I don't have an answer for this one. 

Daniel Brett: So just jumping in here. What I would do teaching Python. To children would be, I wouldn't actually get them writing Python. I would get them using it to do something fun or interesting or funny that they would remember.

So for example, I've got my Azure Python thing that takes any picture that these kids can find on the internet, which they can all do, and it makes up a funny caption for it that is usually a little bit wrong or sometimes hilarious. Something as simple as that. Hey, if you copy and paste this code into this box and press run, then it's going to take any picture.

You give it and give it a funny little caption, and I think that alone would be enough. Or just giving them a couple chunks of code, copy, paste. They don't have to write, they don't have to understand. They just have to do it so they can understand in their brains what Python can do, not how to use Python.

Tim Ribaric: interesting. . This reminds me of a book and I'm trying to find it. There's a publisher called No Starch Press, and they published books about learning to code electronics bunch of other things. And they had a computer science workbook. It's just on paper and it taught the basics of what input output is and caching and things.

And I bought a copy of these for both of my kids. Returning to the question, what I would probably do is photocopy some pages from this book and distribute them to the class, the kids in the class. Now, if you guys continue on with the conversation and bear with me, I might chime in with the title of this book and let you know what it is, but it is from no starch Press.

Very good resources. 

Daniel Brett: Alright, so we'll give you your. Your break that you need to Google things. And we'll move on to Alicia, you look so excited to, to jump into this hypothetical. So the first one I'm gonna give you is power bi. 

Alicia Floyd: Alright. So what you want me to talk about first, 

Daniel Brett: academics, how would you prep specifically content and methodologies for running this for 

Alicia Floyd: academics?

Okay, so when I was thinking about this question, . I think my answer unfortunately happens to be similar to what Tim said which is fine. Whenever I'm thinking about academics I'm always thinking about the fact that they're typically doing research. And so depending on if we're talking about, faculty here or PhD students, or if we're talking about undergrads, it's gonna look a little bit different.

One thing I've noticed since being on campus is, in a lot of classes, they're starting to have final projects that aren't your classic 10 to 50 page paper that you're writing. So there's things like poster projects or videos or I'm not sure, all sorts of different things. So I might think about Bringing in research and how they can use a tool like Power BI to show their research in a different way.

And then how they can take what they've made in Power BI and either put it into their paper or on a presentation or share it online. So I would take that angle. , Okay, then let's skip over now then . Okay. That's all I have to 

Daniel Brett: say about that. That's perfectly valid. And with academics, it's the one that we're most familiar with.

It makes sense. Like they are focused more on research. Research is a good way to look at it. Right now. Business professionals, how would you do this for them? 

Alicia Floyd: So business professionals I feel probably have a leg up because Power BI is a business intelligence tool, so I would hope that they would, already be using something like this.

So if they weren't though, if I'm going into a room, business professionals that have never seen anything like this, I would expect they'd be over the moon excited about all of the capabilities that tools like this have to offer. And Tim said I'm pretty sure that most business folks are always interested in the bottom line.

So I would hopefully have the, some of their information in advance. That's the first thing I would wanna do is see if. If there's any data that I can get in advance so that I can plug it into the tool and show them and wow them with what they could be seeing much quicker than however they were doing it in the past.

And if that little red line shows that it's gone up , we can all cheer and be happy. And if it goes down, I would just run out of the room and into my car and never come back. So that's what I would say for business professionals. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. So instead of focusing on how to use it for research and presentation, you'd show them how to use it as a tool for 

Alicia Floyd: analysis.

For analysis. Yeah. And I think it's also a great tool for making decisions. , you have to have that information. And a lot of what I'm learning is once you have your data into that, Just a few clicks of the button to change what you're seeing, and then you can easily make decisions and have that information at your fingertips.

So I think it's pretty handy. And just 

Daniel Brett: between those two things, those would be two completely different workshops. It's, yeah, for sure. Again, based completely on what your audience is. So Exactly. Planning for your audience is quite important. So how would you switch your methodologies and content for children, grade school children?

Alicia Floyd: Okay. grade school children are, I think that's my zone. I can talk about grade school children, . The first thing I know about children is that it has to be hands on. Yep. So I could stand at the front of the room and show them a graph about the most popular chocolate bar or the, oh man, I don't know anything about video.

I know I would like to use video games. I know there's And you would do that research? Yeah, I would do something. And then you would have that pressed, would get my son on board and be like, okay, let's talk about Rocket League . What is the best skin? That's a skin, what You change your car paint too.

And then we'd do something. But people are speaking a different language too. I know. It is a totally, I, yeah, I'm, I went to lunch too on all of this stuff. But I would probably, I would like to have a whole bunch of different data sets available. I would break the kids into groups teams, maybe of no more than three.

, I would have enough data sets for each team and I'd let them all pick their data sets. So maybe there's some on video games, maybe there's some on chocolate bars, maybe there's some on dance moves. Fashion trends or bands or, I don't know, kids like music, I don't know. And then I would have a contest.

So I would teach them some basics of the tool and walk them through loading the data into it and, Get them to play around with it and then give them time to work within it themselves. And then they would, each group would have to present what they've come up with and there'd be a contest. So whichever group of course nowadays, I'm pretty sure you're not allowed to have first, second, third place.

So in the end they'd all win. Oh dear. But yeah, so that way come too. That way they can talk about what they've learned and what they've done, which I think works for adults too. But I think that's the method I would take for kids 

Daniel Brett: and. I really like the idea of looking for ways to make it fun and interesting and in some ways when you look for the things that would be the most fun for children, it helps you find things that might also be fun or interesting for older groups or even academics.

Like a lot of students, they want to enjoy it as well. So something like Power BI, for example, it has that cool feature where you can ask it questions using. , literally type out a question about the data and then it will come up with all these different answers for it. And I feel like even grade school children would be like, oh, this is really cool.

What's the best chocolate bar? And then it shows you the best chocolate bar, right? And I think that would be something that is very easy to teach, but would be a lot of fun and very interesting, and again, would express the power of the tool without them having to have much knowledge of the tool.

And I think that's the target for grade school children. That's what I was looking for from this conversation. That was my thought, is you want them to understand what the tool does, but you don't necessarily show them how to do everything. 

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. Yeah. So to just follow up quickly on the thing I had mentioned a few minutes ago the title is called The Computer Science Activity.

and it's 24 pen and paper projects to explore the wonderful world of coding with no computer required. , I highly recommend it. It's invaluable for teaching children. I suppose to add more insult to my injury, I tried to teach my children on paper how to sort a list of numbers. So one of the big things they teach in school when you're taking computer sciences, you can sort numbers in different ways and if you.

different ways. It takes more time on the processor versus not. So I thought I had the most trivial example in the world and I was trying to show my seven year old, she was seven at the time, like how to sort a list of numbers using good methods and then bad methods. And then after 10 minutes of me pushing slips of paper around her kitchen table, she wandered off.

And I, I learned once again, that's yeah. Tailor the message to your audience, Tim. Oh yeah. . 

Daniel Brett: It's a really important skill to have and. I know we all do it already, but I wanted us to think about it a little bit deeper. So I think that was exactly what I wanted to achieve with this conversation.

So I'll say we're gonna drop anchor there for the week.

All right. So thank you for joining us on this episode of Steering the Digital Scholarship. As always, if you. Questions, comments, concerns, or you just want to chat? Feel free to message us on any of our social media or send us an electronic message in a bottle at DSL brock ca.

