ep14
===

Alicia Floyd: Hello and welcome to episode 14 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. As I'm Alicia, and I'm going to captain the scholarship today. Last episode, both Tim and I expressed our dream of one day writing a. Tim seems to already have a plot in mind, whereas I just have a number of false starts and typically call it quits around page 57.

Also, in our last episode, Daniel stated that he has indeed read books. So there we have it. All of us are interested in stories and storytelling. With that said, I will proclaim that the theme of our podcast today is going to be humanizing technology through digital storytelling. To do this, we are going to look at rec, a recently published article, and then talk about some of our own work in the DSL that relates to this idea.

But first,

before we set sail today, we are going to rig the boat by getting into a creative mindset instead of doing our usual round table question and answer session. So back in the good old days when I was young and crafty, one of the games my friends and I would play was group storytelling. Yes folks.

This was before the days of rampant screen technology and when the only television in the house was usually being watched by a cranky dad or grandpa. I'm making myself sound very ancient, but I'm not, I swear. So the game we're gonna play is a round table storytelling game. I've got a series of images with no text.

And we're gonna go around the table and each person has to take three images and begin to tell a story, and then we're gonna build on it and oh wow. We can do two rounds and then quit. Or we can go until the images are done. Whatever happens naturally. , oh boy. Yeah, this is a risky experiment, but we'll see how 

Tim Ribaric: it goes.

Dear listener, I need to tell you, we're all on the edge of our seats right now. . This is gonna 

Alicia Floyd: be. All right. So who wants to go first? And before you start your story, please tell the listeners what the images are. All right. Fair enough. I can go first. Okay. Daniel is gonna plunge in. Here you 

Daniel Brett: go. Let's see.

So three of these, 

Alicia Floyd: yes, they're in no particular 

Daniel Brett: order. Off to a good and thematic start with a pirate captain.

Island with little palm tree on it looks like a des, a desert island , and somebody with one of them old fashion diving helmets. And then we just start a story. Yep. 

Alicia Floyd: Once upon a time, 

Daniel Brett: once upon a time there was a pirate captain whose crew mutant him and left him on a desert island. And he was all alone and very.

when a mysterious figure with the diving helmet just walked out of the water onto his deserted island. 

Alicia Floyd: . Awesome, Tim. Cool. You want 

Tim Ribaric: to continue? Oh, okay. Oh, is this the same 

Alicia Floyd: story that we're Yeah, same story. We're gonna try to build off of each other's. Oh, okay. I gotcha. So we've got a pirate on an island and a.

Scuba creature, 

Tim Ribaric: I thought for sure you would leverage some SpongeBob squarepants activity here with the diving helmet. Oh yeah. Oh golly. Okay. All right. I'm flipping over for ASMR listeners. Oh, wow. Okay. So I've flipped over three pictures. Two continue on the story, and the first one looks to be two jaunty little marshmallows being sped on the stick.

Right before they get roasted over an open flame. Our second picture is a picture of our globe which seems to be showing South America and Africa and parts of Europe and the eastern seaboard of the North America and O' Gali. Third picture is a gremlin type creature or a John T. Little fellow with googly eyes and buck teeth with some prickly hair on.

Okay, so let's see. Our pirate black beard was staring deep into the eyes of the diving bell or the gentleman wearing the diving helmet. and fearing for his life. He looked around and what he saw was his pointed stick with two marshmallows on it that he was gonna use to eat his dinner.

And instead of eating his dinner he thrust at the man in the diving helmet. And it was as if the world exploded, which is my second picture here because they were locked in mortal combat. And then after hours of eternal struggle with the marshmallow stick and. Pirate having lost the other eye, he already had one eye gone.

He lost the other eye. And then he finally popped open the diving helmet of his assailant and he found the little squirrely looking creature. And he said, why have you forsaken me? And then what happened was, oh dear. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay, so I have a map, a little girl and a bumblebee. So then what happened was they were about to fight each other when.

the little squirrely creature started to speak in a different language, but the pirate captain realized that he was actually a friendly little alien creature, and somehow they communicated and decided to try to get off of the island. They searched around and they managed to find a map, and so they decided, Travel to the other side of the island where Xmark the spot, and there they found a sad little girl who had just been stung by a bumblebee.

Tim Ribaric: That's all I've got for that . Neat. A cliffhanger. Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. So he's working together with the alien in the diving helmet now. 

Tim Ribaric: And the girl who was stung by the bumblebee. 

Daniel Brett: All right. We've got. What appears to be a businessman behind a desk, a robot, and a floppy disc . 

Tim Ribaric: I'd have to explain that for the children at home, when you're talking about what it's like only owning one tv.

Daniel Brett: Okay. So the captain and the squirrely dude were like, Hey, little girl, what's wrong? And she was like , that businessman behind the desk over there won't sell me a ticket back home, and his robot bodyguard won't let me sneak onto the boat. And they said, aha. Luckily for. you says the squirrely alien.

In his new newfound understanding of this language I have this floppy disc that can hack the robot to let us get by and we can sneak past the man behind the desk and get onto the escape boat. Nice. 

Tim Ribaric: Wow. So spectacular. Neat. Okay, I'm gonna predict a plot twist here. Oh boy. There's the Oh gosh. Is this person repelling?

Okay, sorry. Yeah, you need you can't see what I'm seeing, so I need to describe it. All right, so first picture is of a s schooner, a Ty pirate chip. The second picture is that of a train, and then the third picture seems to be someone repelling off of a mountain side of some. . That's what I'll take it to mean.

Unfortunately the hack disc that the squarely guy gave to the robot caused it to explode, making a flaming fireball fly through the sky and crash through their boat, sinking it. Oh no. Then the little girl said why don't we just wait for the commuter train to come by? It's go Service Now comes to this direction.

It's really interesting and helpful, and it goes all the way to. and then the pirate sensing that this was a trap of some sort. Said no way, Jose and he repelled down the side of a mountain to get away from everybody and just to, it just sabs some peace and quiet on his island again. 

Alicia Floyd: So there's only three left.

So I'm gonna throw you under the bus cuz you're really good at this, Daniel. So what do you mean I'm really good at this? Yeah, you're really good too. So there's your final free. All right, you to bring this story to a close. 

Tim Ribaric: We want, yeah, we want a satisfying conclusion here. 

Daniel Brett: So the pirate repelled down the mountain to get away from everybody, and to his amazement, at the bottom of the cliff, he found a little cave.

And in the cave he found, okay, so what I've got is a treasure chest, a computer, and a ship. So in the cave he found, a chest full of treasure. And he's oh yeah, that's where I hid my booty , I forgot about that. So looking around, he's just I'm gonna, I think it's about time I got away. So he took his chest of booty and he saw a ship off to the.

Often the distance. And I was like, I'm gonna steal that ship. So he pulled out his computer that he had the entire time, and he hacked the ship from a distance cuz he's a hacker pirate. And he remote controlled the ship so that it would come over and eject all of the passengers, just like speed two, right?

And then once all the passengers were ejected, he jumped on and hacked it to sail off into the sunset on his big ship with his treasure chest. And controlling everything with his pocket computer. 

Alicia Floyd: Did he bring the little girl and the alien friend? No, he abandoned them mall. He abandoned everybody 

Daniel Brett: on the, oh no, they're all at the train 

Alicia Floyd: station.

They'll just catch the train. They're just gonna stay at the train station. Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. They'll catch the train. He's got his own ship. Alright. , 

Tim Ribaric: Ba. Awesome. Yay. 

Alicia Floyd: Thank you both for indulging me in this fun little exercise. I think what I wanted to get out of this was just the idea of visuals and the power that they have.

All of the possibilities that can come along with visual information. Do you guys have any comments on this? Storytelling exercise before we move on, there's 

Daniel Brett: definitely some themes here. , 

Tim Ribaric: like the pirate theme. Was it totally incidental that it was all nautical and we're pretty nautical ourselves?

It was all like 

Daniel Brett: nautical and then TE 

Alicia Floyd: technology and 

Tim Ribaric: random . Yeah. I think I got the worst straw with the repelling man. Yeah, that's a guy on a zip line. Is that a zip line? That's 

Alicia Floyd: a zip line. It does look like repelling, but I originally thought it was ziplining too, and I was, 

Daniel Brett: yeah, it looks like a zipline 

Tim Ribaric: to me.

I don't know. It doesn't look like he's got two methods of being clipped in here, so that's why I was a little 

Daniel Brett: bit, we didn't say it was a safe zip line. Okay. I gotcha. It's a fun zip line . 

Alicia Floyd: And for the listeners at home, all of these little graphics are provided by the noun project. So they're not as detailed as you might think, but they're pretty.

And now that our creative juices are flowing, let's actually set sail and bring our storytelling techniques in line with the world of digital scholarship

for the first leg of our voyage. Today, I'd like to start with a conversation about an article that was printed on May 25th by the New Yorker titled, can Data Be Human? The Work of Georgia, Lupe by Alexandra La. Or Lang, sorry if I'm pronouncing that wrong as homework for this episode, I've asked him and Daniel to read the article and we have added a link for our listeners to access as well.

Georgia Lupe's job title is Information Designer and Data Humanist. The first thing that got me excited about this article is that Georgia was born the same year I was and deems herself to be part of a bridge generation, which she describes in the following. I was raised in a completely analog environment.

I was a teenager when all of the awkward connection and human connection needed to be made in real life. But at the same time, because I started to use technology as a teenager, I'm fluent in both worlds. I can relate to this completely. And so I found it both interesting and comforting to hear how others describe experiencing both the analog and the digital.

So I thought we could have a conversation about that and perhaps Tim could go first. Can you relate to being a part of this bridge generation? 

Tim Ribaric: That's a good question, and I'm looking at the year in the article that she was born and it says 1981, making her an early millennial. I was born in 1980 and I consider myself a Gen Xer probably because I associate myself more with the Gen X.

So as a Gen Xer, I need to be very cynical about this because that is the way of my people and I need to say that I think she's the term I used was fetishizing. I think one of my notes when I was writing stuff down about this idea of fluency of visualization and data. I think a lot of these things are already, I don't know I think she's putting a little bit of extra spin on, on her classification of these things.

So that's. unvarnished, gen X opinion on it. That is, there must be something, suspect to it because I don't immediately jive with it. So that's my take on it. 

Alicia Floyd: Alright. So you don't feel like part of that bridge generation that she's describing? No, 

Tim Ribaric: I don't think such a thing exists, to be honest.

The the techno, I don't know. I don't. The, definitely the invention of the internet and the sort of wide accessibility of it in the mid to late nineties really blew the lid off of access to things. But I don't think there was a huge what's the word I'm looking for? Departure or, no, not departure even.

A transition from this analog world to this digital world, I don't think is the matter of a generat. I think it's it's something totally different. So I don't know. That's my take on it. 

Alicia Floyd: That's a fair point. That's a fair for me, it was very gradual, , I do see what you're saying. Where it didn't just happen overnight.

We went from analog to digital. I can remember being in elementary school and not even having a computer in the room, and now that's unheard of. , but I do feel that I experienced the analog, I had a cassette player and a record player, and that sort of thing. And we hand wrote our essays.

I was telling my son the other day as he typed out his, actually as he read his rough draft of his essay into his phone, which he had linked up to his computer to automatically type it. And at the end of each sentence he's saying, period space, blah, blah, blah. And he is speaking his grammar, which two spaces sort.

Yes, that's what I was about. I still go with two stories as well, . But there has been this advancement and I'm in this digital scholarship lab learning all of these amazing things that kids are learning in the classroom today, in grade eight. I do feel a little bit torn between the two worlds.

How about you, Daniel? Weirdly, 

Daniel Brett: I definitely did have a clean big switch from analog to digital cuz I. on a farm until I was 11. And we didn't have technology really at all, but we had a TV and that was it. And we didn't really watch the TV much. And near the end, I think we had a computer that the four of us kids each had a half hour per day that we were allowed to use.

But it went from that to when I was 11, big switch in lifestyle, suddenly went. living on a farm to living in town with technology everywhere. It was just suddenly just oh yeah here's a laptop for you to use all the time, all day. And it was just this mind boggling thing to be able to have access to infinite information suddenly, when it's just been so limited.

Like I used a computer at school a little bit, right? For the one hour of computer class. And then at. just for like chips challenge with little computer games. And that was effectively it. And then just suddenly being part of this technological world, like having phones that could do more than text was just amazing.

. But yeah I definitely felt a clean switch. 

Alicia Floyd: It's interesting too, to see. Speak with the younger generation who didn't experience the analog at all. It's interesting as a parent, and it's interesting just in general, I remember giving a tour at the museum once and it was a group of grade eight students, and I asked them if they knew.

Film was negative film and they literally did not know what I was talking about. They hadn't even used a camera that was not a digital camera yet. So when I pulled out this, glass plate negative with an image, negative image on it, they just couldn't understand the concept of this. And now how do we get it on the computer and how do you share it on Instagram?

So it's interesting and there's a really cool, funny video that I'm sure everyone's seen of these kids trying to figure out how to use a. Oh yeah. It's my favorite trending video right now. But anyways, 

Tim Ribaric: see, I think the, what I thought would happen was we would go in a Star Trek direction where we got the availability of these tools and things to, and ways to do things more effectively.

We would stop trying to do so much, we could Take it easy a bit, but it seems like the intro, I think this is my biggest gripe of this, so sure there's this introduction of analog or from analog to a more sort of connected digital environment, but the work didn't. didn't adjust, or our lifestyles didn't adjust to keep in sort of pace with that transition.

So instead of us working shorter days, we're working longer days. Even though we have more technology and ways to communicate, I really wish we would've gone the other direction and leveraged all that additional fun stuff into making our lives easier as opposed to making our lives 

Alicia Floyd: more.

that's a good valid point. Making sure that everything is digital. So sometimes that does mean double the work. In the quote I read a moment ago, I especially like the comment about making connections. One example I had for this was applying for jobs. So there used to be a time when you actually printed out a resume, if, even going back earlier, I guess there weren't resumes, and then walked into a business and asked to speak to the owner or the manager.

had to actually have human to human contact to apply for a job. What got me thinking about this is my 15 year old boy applied for a job this weekend, and he had to physically walk into the place and ask for the manager, and it stressed him out for probably an entire 48 hours thinking about this in advance of having to walk in and ask for.

And hand over the resume. And he did it and I was super proud of him. And he did it all by himself. And now of course you click a button. So it's that idea of the uncomfortable connection making, which is such an important skill to learn. And I'm wondering, what do you think about that? Are we losing that?

Are we, are the younger generation not having as many opportunities to make that human connection because of the digital world? . 

Daniel Brett: I know for myself personally, I am terrified of human. interaction. Like in general, if I'm not comfortable with somebody, then I am terrified at the prospect of having to go up and communicate with them on a personal level.

I don't mind standing in front of a group of people and teaching something or explaining something or singing in front of a huge group of people. That's fine. But it's right when you have to have that one-on-one personal connection. It's just, . I get super nervous. I can't handle it. And I feel like that is a product of just the generation like you said, you, you never have to go face to face, talk to anybody until the final interview for any sort of project.

Or 

Tim Ribaric: job. Huh? That's it. Interesting take on it. The way I think about it. I, okay, I grew up in the analog world and I was I'm introverted now and I always was. So I think I suffered on account of that when I was a youngster because I didn't want to join any sports teams. I didn't want to join any clubs.

I didn't want to go out inside play with the neighborhood kids. And then in this new environment I. measure out the way I interact with people through things like social media. So it's just enough of an interaction with someone that it keeps my introverted heart, but from fluttering, but it still gives me a good connection to someone else.

So I think in the past, like five years, 10 years, I would say things are better because you have this. Spectrum of how you can communicate with one another. You don't have to swing by someone's house and knock on their door to see if they're home. You can shoot them a text message every once in a while and make sure they're still alive.

And through the course of a long time, that built a relationship just as well as, seeing someone in person once or twice, every once in a while. I think, I was a few minutes ago shaking my fist to get off my lawn. An old man, but , I think with this respect, I think this new way of doing things is.

Created a different way we can interact with one another, which has suited my personality very 

Alicia Floyd: well. It's true. It is just a different way of making connections. It's interesting that you mentioned knocking on someone's door. Did either of you ever use the term calling on, I'm gonna go call on my friend

No. No, you never did that. So another, sorry, I keep referring to my son today. . I said, I hope this summer you go call on some of your friends, hang out. And he just looked at me with this blank stare what does that mean? Cuz now of course you would send them a message on social media, but now you can track your 

Daniel Brett: friends on your phones.

Oh, my friend is currently 

Tim Ribaric: Here and here. I think that's more formal. I don't think I ever used the word calling the term calling on, no. Oh. But we did have someone call on the girls like my two. Last weekend. This weekend they were playing with a friend at the park and then they came home because it was Kenton, close to bedtime.

And that friend came by the house and said, can you come over to our house and play? And it was very sweet, but it was already like 8 45, so it was time for bed. So it's the I don't know, what did they call him now? , what would our children what age, what group Are they? The gen wives or whatever they are?

Yes, I believe so. Yeah. So the gen wives maybe are bouncing back from the, the millennials like Daniel here that are Whoa, whoa, . You tuck 

Daniel Brett: millennial. There's at least like six different flavors of millennial and I'm right near the bottom of it. 

Alicia Floyd: flavors of millennial. I like that. That might have to be one of our hashtags.

For me, being social, you'd probably be surprised to. I think we're all probably different people at work than we are outside of work, but I'm a pretty sociable person. Easy to talk to. I find it easy to talk to people in general, but when you're in work, at work, you have to be professional and get yourself out there.

And sometimes it's hard to go up to someone and make that different connection. And I. Kind of relate it to getting in the swimming pool. If you're out in the sun and you get in, there's that first shock and you're trembling and sweaty and it's horrible. But once you're in, you're fine. And it's amazing and you start doing handstands and playing volleyball.

So that's for me, helping social at work, . 

Daniel Brett: That's what I never learned how to swim smooth. If you just see people describing swimming like 

Alicia Floyd: that, yeah. The goal is to stay in the pool and not get out. So when I spend a week behind my computer, I gotta get outta my office. It's a little difficult, the goal is to stay in the water, never get out and get warm again.

So get Pruny 

Tim Ribaric: fingers and yeah, soggy. You're 

Daniel Brett: really 

Alicia Floyd: sell on this. Yeah. All right. Okay I'll just continue on here. In this article, there's also information about learning exercises that loopy had in regards to information design. And she describes her profession as telling stories with data.

There is this idea that bar charts are no longer enough. And a main theme I am pulling from her work is that there needs to be more creativity when it comes to transforming data visualizations that speak in a more effective way to a broader audience of humans. An example is a project where she and a colleague answered simple human, relatable research questions by collecting the data.

and communicating the information to each other via weekly postcards that included hand drawn graphics. This project is documented in a book by Lui co-authored by Stephanie Pek, titled Dear Data, which I happen to know the Brock Library will soon have in its collection. I'm just wondering your general thoughts on the concept here, the idea of humanizing data and this postcard project and what you think that brings to the discuss.

about humanizing data. 

Tim Ribaric: Any thoughts? What do you think, Daniel? I've got a polemic I'm gonna launch into dear. Yeah I think you should have here, 

Daniel Brett: I thoroughly enjoyed the idea of visualizing things in a different way and coming up with your own unique styles and just some of. , the creative things they came up with on those postcards are just beautiful.

It looked like art. And then you look closer and you're like, that's actually just how many times she thanked somebody in her day. And it's just like this beautiful mosaic and you're like, huh so art as visualization is a neat idea that I've always 

Alicia Floyd: liked. And art as communication is obviously not a new concept.

No. It's just a new way. , they've or maybe it isn't new, maybe other people have done this, but it's definitely unique to me. . 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, I think it's the term that I use, I, sorry, I used fetishized earlier, but the term I'm going to use to answer this question is like a, it's a renaissance thing, right?

, it's no longer looking at like data as a mathematical thing or as like just a series of numbers that you communicate in some respect, nor is it just art, which is more of just an aesthetic expression. It's a combination of the two, which I think is a direction and a skill and a methodology we should all adapt or take a look at.

So there's no reason why. The, I was trying to come up with an example of how would I communicate this? And the best thing I could think of was like if you're in a, in school, back in school and you're finishing a class and you're like talking to your friends about the what they got on the final, as their final mark, the what's the things you would typically ask your friends or what would be the typical thing that you would want to think about, about a final exam or final mark in a class of your friends?

What would you ask? , did you do better or worse than you? Yes. Yeah. 

Alicia Floyd: I'm exactly. Am I better than you? 

Tim Ribaric: Exactly. What did you get on the test? And then, or what did you get as the final mark? And then did I go higher or lower than that? I think one of them, y y'all might not believe me, but one of the great things about science, and particularly mathematics, it's very creative and there's a lot of expression involved in it.

So I was thinking to myself, okay, we're in this analogy. I'm talking about we're in this stuck in this mind frame. We're just asking what other people got. But what about the more important questions? Like how was the distribution? If you plotted it on a nice little curve, would there be bumps in it or would just be a nice aesthetically pleasing lump and.

And as a, the standard deviation and then what happens with the the average of the class, where does that lie amongst other things and then what different kind of averages, the mean median or mode different and all this kinds of things. So there's, I guess what I'm trying to say is that mathematics always had this really amazing dimension of creativity and expansive description that it's capable of, but we just forgot about inquiring about it.

And I think Lupe's. Sorry. Gloria. Gloria. Gloria. Georgia. Georgia. Oh gosh. I was going somewhere and it was gonna sound pretty good now. I just hacked it. Georgia's work is reminding us that mathematics and counting of things and the presentation of things can be aesthetic and beautiful, which I think is the lesson I got out of all of this, and I think it's well worth understanding that numbers.

just the way to count things. They have a lot of dimension and creativity and they describe stories much like any other piece of art. 

Alicia Floyd: I think that's perfectly put. And in my early millennial mind with a humanities background, I have this, I've always had that clear divide where I learned math in school and then I went to art class and did my art and I read and.

Analyzed a novel and there was no connection made for me in my education personally, and I don't think I'm alone. I think there are a lot of people in the world, a lot of people at Brock University that are probably maybe experiencing something similar. And so what I like is exactly what you said is.

Drawing that connection between numbers and mathematics and data to something more artistic and visual and something that's easy to communicate and easy for other people to understand. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. The, one of the sort of things I learned about taking university or math and university is that it's.

You can describe the universe in mathematics the same way you can describe the universe in a painting. And they accomplishes it in the same ways, and it's very neat. I wish I could communicate that better. And I'm trying to teach my children that math is just as fun as art and that it can do all these fun, interesting things.

And I think George's work is a great example as I said 

Alicia Floyd: already. But awesome. Thank you. I encourage everyone to check out this article, and if you're on the broad campus, come by and borrow her book when you have time. On to leg two of today's podcast. Okay, here we go. Part of being a good leader, researcher, educator, et cetera, in any field or on any project, is being able to communicate effectively and create compelling narratives that inspire, engage, and impact people rather than sounding like the adults in a peanuts cartoon.

If you're not sure what that means, you need to Google it. That is a huge part of what we've been doing so far in preparation for the opening of our beloved digital scholarship lab here at Brock. Engage, create interest and inspire people to think outside the box. If we think about communicating research, or writing essays or teaching, or the basic transference of information to others as a form of storytelling, we can start to think about ways of effectively telling those.

The strength of a narrative or story can often be measured by how well it is understood. Using technology as a storytelling aid is one way to communicate effectively. So let's talk about the different ways to use technology to tell a story, thereby making the data more accessible to human. All three of us have been working on a number of different projects where a lot of data has been involved and there's various softwares and tools, and of course a lot of work.

But in the end, we have this means to tell the story. So I wanna talk about some of those projects that we're working on right now. What are the tools you're using? What does that data look like? And in the end, what story are you telling? Who wants to go first? 

Daniel Brett: I don't mind going 

Alicia Floyd: first. Thanks 

Daniel Brett: Daniel. it. The first thing that popped into my head when you said that was actually Jupyter Notebooks, which is the tool that we've been using because it is in the, when you think about a tutorial, for example, a tutorial is about like a story about how a tool works and a Jupyter Notebook is just like a book that tells a story of a tool and how it works, and it has a start, middle, and end.

and I was just thinking about working my way through a Jupyter notebook more, more the example that Tim's been using with the the Cy Hub where it's been shared. And you can actually work through each step of this visually, and you can watch it grow into this useful tool for analyzing a data set from literally a blank notebook.

Okay. I brought in this tool, brought in this tool, and they're all working together now at the end. And I think that's a really neat visual story of data being looked at. 

Alicia Floyd: That's a great example for sure. 

Tim Ribaric: In true Daniel fashion, he's stolen my example. I was gonna say the exact same thing. 

Alicia Floyd: Always think alike.

Come until 

Daniel Brett: you're gonna vamp. Yeah. . If you have something prepared, then you. I'm off 

Tim Ribaric: about it. All right, everyone, get your bingo card out. Someone said Vamp. Vamp. All right. So I guess what I would answer in a very similar method. I would say that right now I'm trying to make as much hay out of a SI hub usage file from 2017, which shows a ton of people downloading PDFs illegally.

Illicitly, we'll put it that way. . And the thing I'm striving to do, and hopefully I'll communicate in that in our next in the workshop when I actually run it as a workshop next week, is the fact that it's it's a bunch of tabular data, so it's as boring as possible, but it does tell a story there.

If you look at it, you pick it up and shake it in different ways and have it fall. . And then for example, the questions I was asking with it, so I took all this large data file, which had 14 gigs. In size, trimmed it down. So it's just what was relevant to us geographically.

So stuff that was in the Niagara region, in St. Catherine's in particular. And you get down to something like 4,000 lines. So that's 4,000 independent uses of this database. And presumably for those not that don't know that are listening, . So I have is a collection of PDF files that are usually journal articles and journal book chapters that need to be purchased or accessed through some sort of licensed means.

But if you don't have a way to do that, particularly if you're not affiliated with the university you need to download them through this platform instead. So here's a story about 4,000 people. That have used this platform to get something that they couldn't get at in some other ways. So the interesting stuff was, who's using it?

Is it being used by a lot of different people? Turns out there was only a few hundred people that represent those 4,000 uses. And then the other question was like, how many different things were downloaded during that time in the top use or the top thing that was downloaded was done 15 times.

You think about that some article was so popular or necessary that 15 different occasions in the year of 2017, it needed to be downloaded from this platform and it couldn't be obtained through the Brock University, for example. It needed to be done through this platform. So what's the story behind those 15 attempts at that one article?

And I think the article had something to do with, oh gosh, it was in the Australian Journal of Chemistry or something. So it's like, who's reading that and why did 15 people. and I think the workshop and investigating using fortunately my favorite thing in the world, Python helped to tell the narrative of what this data is trying to tell us.

And with luck, we'll have more fun and engaging experiments looking at that data and, seeing what other stories we can come up with besides just, it was used 4,000 times, approximately 20 times per one person. And see what kind of insights we can pull from it. That's the sort of nature of the research enterprise and I really enjoy doing that kind of stuff.

So there's my answer. Similar to 

Alicia Floyd: s no, that is a super interesting project and I just had a little glimpse of it in one of the workshops Tim presented last week and just seeing the information come together, normally it would be something that you, so many numbers and you just can't grasp it all. But what you're doing is, again, making it accessible to.

I don't have as amazing of an example as that, but I am working, I have been working on some workshops here. There was an introduction to data visualization, and now I'm working on one about digital storytelling. And part of that is trying to come up with some examples. So one example I guess I can share is that I had access to a data set that listed every single.

Individual who served in World War I, and because I was really familiar with this information, I wanted to try to use it and create visualizations and see if I saw something different than all the times I had just looked at the spreadsheet. And so this spreadsheet tracks the individual's name, where their address was before the war, where they enlisted, what regiment they were with, what role they played in the war, and whether they returned home or not.

So the first thing I did was map the information, which the original idea for that. because when you're looking at the spreadsheet or you're entering the information into a spreadsheet, you could start to see, I've seen that street before and I wonder how many people actually lived on that street, who went away, and how many didn't come back.

So looking at it on a map and seeing all those little Mark Marks or dots or pins is a lot more striking than looking at a. Of, a couple thousand people. And then I decided to do something different too and just look at the roles. And I hadn't even paid attention to that before when I looked at it.

But I shared this with Tim. It really got me excited when I realized, there's a couple hundred privates that were from St. Catherine's that served in World War I, but there was one cook or one. Drummer or a trumpeter. And so it was really neat to just see it in that way and you can instantly get that information that even though I had looked at that spreadsheet multiple times, I never even typing in that information in a sort of monotonous way.

I never got out of it what I did from seeing that visualization. So really powerful for me. So any final thoughts or are you guys good to. Oh boy, 

Tim Ribaric: you're all . That's such a, that's a tough 

Alicia Floyd: question. That's, yeah. Yeah. I have final thoughts for days, but No, 

Daniel Brett: I, of course I do. I was just thinking about of all things GitHub and the idea of stories in reverse, like looking back at a story that was written for you.

And I don't know if our listeners are familiar with version Control, where every change you make, it records the change in what was changed. GitHub does this and I was thinking, what if you worked for years and years on a project and then you went back and looked in those logs where it shows every change that was made by who.

And you can actually see the older versions of that project all the way back to its inception. And I was just thinking that what an interesting story that would be with. Spent two to maybe 10 years even on a project. And you look back at the very beginning and you're like, oh yeah. And then you can see the whole story from start to finish.

Alicia Floyd: Yeah. You could see how it was had grown. Yeah. And it would 

Daniel Brett: give you a perspective that you wouldn't have cuz you're in the moment you're there. It's I have it. It is complete. And you forget about all the different steps it took to get there. But just a program that just records everything along the way.

That story is just sitting. And anyone can go and be like, oh look, yeah, I thought that was any. 

Alicia Floyd: Sounds like a good addition to a workshop. , that was a great discussion. Thank you both. Right now the winds are picking up, so we've gotta drop the anchor. So thank you again for entertaining. My constant need to humanize the work that we are doing here in the Brock Digital Scholarship Lab.

After all, data is created by, collected, by, analyzed, by, communicated by, and accessed by humans. So why not make it all a little bit easier for humans to understand and talk? to further assist with humanizing data, the DSL is offering some fantastic new and improved never before seen workshops. As Tim mentioned earlier on Monday, June 24th, the introduction to Data Science with Python.

A case study on the use of Cy Hub and St. Catherine's is happening. So register quickly. You only have six days. On Thursday, June 27th, ArcGIS Pro learned the software by mapping effect, fictitious flu outbreak scenario, and calculate the nearest medical centers using network analysis. That would be a great one to attend as well.

It's being offered by Sharon from our MAP data and GIS library. on Wednesday, July 3rd, Daniel's offering the introduction to our workshop. And on Wednesday, July 17th, the introduction to data visualization workshop is happening. So please do visit experience bu or Eventbrite to check those out. All beginners are welcome and don't forget to reach out to us for questions, comments, or just to tell us how much you are loving our podcast@dslbrock.ca or any one of our many social media.

