ep15
===

Daniel Brett: Hello and welcome to episode 15 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. My name is Daniel Brett and I will be your acting captain today. So first things first, we have a special shout out from Tim, so 

Tim Ribaric: I'll hand that over to you. Yeah. I want to say thank you to the makerspace at the Brock Library who's treated us to prototyping or actually not prototype, trying out some new equipment that they have available.

So right now we're using a. Yeti Nano as opposed to Yeti Classic that we had. And and we all have headphones on listening to our self-talk while we talk. So if we act spacey, that's probably the case. But just wanna say thanks to Tabitha, Dylan and Dave for helping us out with stepping up our production quality.

Daniel Brett: All right? Yes. Thank you to the maker space. So before we get into today's not so gritty, Let's break through some deep emotional barriers with our icebreaker topic. So today, . Today what I want us to share is our least favorite smell and why. And then the follow up is what's your most favorite smell and why?

So I'll pass this over to Alicia 

Alicia Floyd: first. Oh, I get to go first? Yes. Okay. So do you want them both? You want my least and my best? Yes or yes? Yeah. Okay. So my least favorite smell, I feel like there's some obvious ones that, I'm not gonna mention cuz probably one of you guys will, but my least favorite smell is the smell of gas anesthetics, like the gas that puts you to sleep.

If you. going under for surgery or something. I've never experienced that. Yeah. It's got this really terrible smell and I hate the smell of it. And sometimes you can smell it in the dentist's office. If you go to a hospital, you, I get that smell and every now and then it just, oh, I just, it's the one smell that really freaks me out.

I don't like it at all. Okay. My favorite smell, I don't have a favorite smell, but I have a list. Okay. 

Daniel Brett: Oh, wow. Okay. Fire away. . 

Alicia Floyd: So rain on hot tarmac. So rain in the summer when it has that smell. I don't know. Gotcha. You'll smell it next time. Okay. Tomato plants, hot tomato plants in the summer also have a really cool smell that reminds me of my grandparents' garden.

Interesting. And then some ones that most people probably like. So I love the smell of chocolate Lilia, the valley lavender, winter, summer, and fall, but not. and the ultimate is the smell of a fresh baby. . 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. 

Daniel Brett: Spring knows what it's done. Sorry. A fresh baby. Yeah, 

Alicia Floyd: like a new baby. That's a like clean, fresh baby.

Not like a stinky diaper baby, but like a interesting fresh baby. . They have 

Tim Ribaric: a smell. Okay, , what happened in spring? Why isn't spring because it's too much pollen 

Alicia Floyd: or something? Yeah, I have pretty bad allergies, so usually I don't smell very much in the spring. I can't smell in the spring to begin with, but also there's that phase between winter and flowers.

That's like a wet, damp earth earthworm. in the spring that I don't like the wet smell . Interesting. Okay. . 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. I know that smell and it's not wonderful, but it's not bad. I, it's bad. I didn't think. All right.

Tim Ribaric: Tim. Okay once again, I have a story. So my story is associated with my worst ever smell. So I don't know if you when you were younger, probably still, if you're living, if you live in a house that has like a gas water heater, every once in a while, the gas company will send you a scratch and sniff letter that says, okay be careful and be ready for gas leaks that might happen in your house.

And this is there's a scratch and sniff here to scratch this and then smell it. And then you'll know what the gas smells like. But they tint the gas with this rotten sulfur. so that it taste, it smells like disgusting rotten eggs. So when I was a kid, I was reading one of these letters and my dad.

showed it to me and I was scratching and scratching for our ASR community like probably for five not five minutes, but like it was a good half a minute. And then I took a deep waft of the rotten egg smell and immediately choked and threw the piece of paper on the ground. So my favorite or my worst smell, pardon Of me not my favorite smell.

My worst smell is the smell of natural gas that's been tainted with sulf. So that it wakes you up and you don't die if it leaks in your house. Makes perfect sense. Good answer. Okay. So that's my worst one. My best one. It came down to two things. One, I guess I, I can't really use. So have either of you smelt like brewing beer?

Not like me beer, but brewing beer like that hoppy smell? No, it's this disgusting sort of. cooking oatmeal, smell. It's gonna smell. 

Alicia Floyd: Say, does it smell like east? 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, it's very gross. So I used to live downtown London, which is where the Labat plant is. . So for a long time I hated that smell, but then every once in a while I'd come home on the bus, before I'd walk into my door, I'd be like, oh, they're making beer again.

And then eventually I got used to that smell, gotten to the point where I enjoyed it. But I'm not gonna say that brewing beer is my favorite smell, cuz that's wrong. But it's a. . But to answer the question, it's chicken wings and beer. No chicken. Wings and pots. Oh God. God. Say beer's still 

Daniel Brett: in there.

Chicken wings and beer. I'm hard to hear first folks. Chicken wings and beer. I'm a little foggy here, 

Tim Ribaric: folks. , 

Alicia Floyd: you had too much chicken wings and 

Tim Ribaric: beer at lunch, chicken wings and pizza. Is my favorite smell. There's a local place called Bugsy. I'm sure both of you have been there. Yep. Yep. Lot of odds in the room.

I love that place. It's my favorite restaurant and I love going in there for pizza and wings cuz it's a good old fashioned family place or local neighborhood place and that's the best smells when they plop it on the table and you're like, all right, time to dig into all this. That's my favorite smell.

And now I'm hungry for chicken wings and pizza. 

Daniel Brett: Oh, it's almost the end of the day. Go before chicken wings, pizza. As for me, my least favorite smell has always been and will likely always be I think it's called Lie it's used in making cheese. No, not cheese. Soap. Soap. Soap is what I'm thinking.

My mom used to make goat soap goat milk soap when we lived on a goat 

Tim Ribaric: farm. Oh, soap. But a goats, no goat milk soap. Goat milk soap, goat. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay. Goat soap on. 

Daniel Brett: Oh, geez. Oh, it wasn't that kind of farm. . . No, 

Tim Ribaric: Those kinds of farms exist. Wow. Cool. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. They're called prison

No. We have a lot of fun here, folks. Yeah I really don't like the smell of lie. It's not a great smell. And yeah. Don't eat lie 

Alicia Floyd: . So I see that you had the idea at the beginning here of probably goat cheese in your mind, cuz you were like, smokey. 

Daniel Brett: I really goat cheese.

It just brought up a whole bunch of memories of just happy goat cheese curing in the basement. We had goat cheese and then we had the goat one, the one thing of yak cheese curing in the basement. Anyways. Favorite smell. My number one favorite smell is the smell of black licorice. Ooh, oh my gosh.

I love black licorice. It's. It's absolutely wonderful. Especially salted black licorice. Yes. Oh my gosh. There's something called my dad loves that stuff. Duple outs double salted black licorice. Ooh that's my jam. That's good 

Alicia Floyd: stuff. . I can't even lick one of those things. 

Daniel Brett: They freak me out.

Again. Grew up on a farm where as kids, we would lick the salt blocks meant for the animals.

Tim Ribaric: Okay. That explains everything. Oh. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. Awesome. That's great. That's why I have so many cow licks because I was looking the block and the cows were looking in my head , sorry for mentioning something that visual that the listeners can't hear. Anyways, so that was that was certainly interesting. But now now that we have broken the ice from around our digital scholarship, let's go ahead and sail into our main topic for the.

All right, so here at Brock we just held our 20th annual wellness day, and I was blown away by the incredible positive energy that took over the campus. Thanks to the wide variety of activities, Brock employees were able to spend the day trying out new and interesting things, doing things that they enjoy, and generally taking a break from the chaos that is the world of academic.

Today I want us to think about what we can do to make sure that we're keeping ourselves happy. So to start, let's look at what we're already doing to brighten up our days at work. You're welcome to share things that you do at home as well, because that is also important, what the mood you bring to work often affects your work day.

So I'll go first just to set the tone. So things I do at. Is in my office. I have a bright and happy poster with a bunch of little animals on it, and they're all riding a whale and it's amazing. And they just look so content and it's very pleasing to look at. And whenever I'm too lost in something, I'll look up at it.

Every now and then it'll just cheer me up. I have a colorful back pillow a pillow for my , a pillow for my chair. It's, that's a double whammy because it's my physical wellness. I like to have that little bit of support on my back, but also it's bright and colorful. It's got all different colored flowers on it.

It's a wonderful little back pillow there. I listen to music when I can, so when I'm doing something more tedious or something that I don. to have my ears open for then I put on Spotify and listen to musical soundtracks because that's what I do. And then coffee runs. So coffee runs is a very important part of my day, , not just for the coffee but because I get out of my little office and I get to see other human beings.

Alicia, you often accompany me on these. Coffee runs, we can have a bit of a chat and I, I'll quite often run into people and just have a little bit of a social interaction, which sometimes I, I just don't have in my day if I'm really busy just sitting up in my office. So that's the things I do at work to keep me going.

And then at home, I like to go for walks and I like to watch certain movies over and over, even if I've seen them a lot and eat good things that sort of but that, that's enough for me. And we'll start. We went with Alicia last time, so we'll go Tim, this time. Oh, poop. 

Tim Ribaric: I thought I would have a, I thought I would have another minute to think about it.

Nope. Switching it up. If anyone has spent any time in my office and the listening audience, probably not too many of you. It's it's very dark. It's very, Dan, there's no windows to the outside world. But I'm not complaining. I love it. So I think I, I need to implement some more strateg.

To keep it more cheery and make sure that I have a good amount of wellness on my mind while I'm sitting here. So the thing that Daniel mentioned about listening to music I guess I would echo that's pretty important for me as well. But why I wanted to give a shout out to a particular dj.

His name is Torpedo, T o r p E D O. And he mixes. , like pop music. So any one song will have 30 different samples in it and they all progress and it's, it's fast paced, it's got a high beats per minute, and so you can hear the different songs going through. So there's Neil Diamond, then suddenly Radiohead, and then there's suddenly Missy Elliot.

And it's really awesome and it just keeps me bopping because there's like a million things that you're recognizing in it. That's probably my number one way to make sure my head is in the right space when I'm sitting here. The other thing I like to do is I run a lot. I run probably too much because my back kills me all the time.

But I try to get at least five kilometers in every morning before work. And that is my podcast time. So I love listening to me some podcasts, which is probably another big thing that I do for my wellness. And running is the best time for it. And then it's neat to. Before, like even the garbage man comes through the neighborhood and when you see a runner on the other side of the road, you can like nod at them and you're both like, yeah, we're doing this, no one else is.

So that's a cool feeling. So that's my answer. That's what I do too. Make sure I'm in the right head space. That's 

Daniel Brett: really good. Yeah, I like that. Alicia, what do you got? 

Alicia Floyd: Okay. At work I also am in a sort of dark office. I have a window to a window, but still a little bit gloomy. I don't have a bright animal poster, but I do have a heating pad on my chair, which just makes me feel warm and cozy day.

and family photos, I like to have those in my office, but for my actual work day . I like the coffee runs as well because you set them up with people and you go for 15 minutes. I usually go around 10 o'clock or two o'clock and I like to get a walk-in around campus, get the blood flowing and get out of the office, like I said, and talk to people.

And I like going for lunch. There's a kind of a lunch group here in the library. The same people typically go for lunch and chat about all the trashy TV shows we're watching and get a good laugh in the middle of the day and at home. I probably, as you've all been able to tell from my constant referencing to my family, but I'm a big family person, so we do all kinds of stuff together all the time.

Hiking, go for walks, play sports. Play ball hockey with a group of people. We do everything together. We have game nights all the time. And I just, that's what brings joy to me, is just spending time with family, keeping busy. 

Tim Ribaric: Now do you play stressful games or games that are fun? Because I have a feeling if I were playing the wrong game with my family, it would not be fun.

It would be full. 

Alicia Floyd: We play a wide variety of games. We play homemade games where, which are actually fun. The best games are the homemade games and some are stressful poker stresses me right out. And when we have a big game of poker, I cannot bluff like I am the worst. Liar. I go beat red and they all call me out on it and they're always right.

There's never, and they can literally call what's in my hand just from me sitting there and not even looking at anybody. So it gets me really stressed out and I hate playing poker and so that one is not a fun. Gotcha. That's been one. But in the end it is fun. Yeah. Nothing's not for everybody. Not fun, but fun

Tim Ribaric: That's the way I think of Stanley Cooper. They're very difficult to sit through. But after I'm finished watching one, I'm like, yeah, that was worth it. Yeah. But I would never think to pop one in to the DVD player cause they're fun. Not fun or fun. Not fun. Fun. Yeah. Yeah. Kubrick's 

Daniel Brett: a pill,

I'm not saying they're not good movies. Anyways, that was some very very interesting stuff and I'm happy to see that we're all taking steps to ensure our own mental wellness and physical wellness for that matter. So now as we are ramping towards our grand opening, we have started brainstorming heavily.

We've been thinking about all sorts of different. Services and staffing and how that's gonna work. How we'll handle the inevitable increase in workload when we become the busiest and most sought after people on campus. Cuz we're just that good, like just general things that everybody thinks about.

What we have yet to think about is what we can do to improve our happiness in our bustling work days. What we're gonna do next is we're going to think about what strategies or environmental changes we can implement to make sure that our mental health is being cared for. So open it up to suggestions, and 

Tim Ribaric: I think the one thing we get right off of the bat, which will be great, is that we're in a space right at the front of the school with lots of.

lots of light and lots of people walking by, which will be like in and of itself a mine altering experience. I'm looking 

Daniel Brett: forward to that for sure. It'll be a literal night and day from dark offices to bright and sunny. Yeah. All windows. I think there's only one side that's not windows. And then we're gonna be able to look right out onto the sprawling expanse of Brock's front lawn.

We get to see the inspiring statue of Brock standing right in front of us. It'll be the cherry blossoms. Oh yes. 

Alicia Floyd: Legs, . It's 

gonna 

Tim Ribaric: be glorious. I used to I used to like, See if I could sneak into my desk and then not interact with people for a whole day, every once in a while granted now my responsibilities had me talking with people all the time, but my previous role, I was a little bit more self-directed.

So I'd try to sneak in and sit at my desk and then not pay attention to anyone and have my lunch at my desk, and then I would leave 'em like, yes, I had this monastic Interaction free day and that was pretty, at the time. Useful thing for me. Now, that's not a thing that I care for cuz you know, I need to talk to people to get my work done.

And I should have talked to people in that previous example too. But yeah, it's gonna be different in account. You won't be able to just sit grumbling at your desk by yourself. And then speaking to people if you choose to. We're not gonna be given that option. We're gonna be face-to-face with others whether we want it or not, or if we need downtime or not.

It's gonna be a little bit of different story. But it'll be fun though. Another 

Alicia Floyd: cool change is that as we all mentioned, we have private offices right now, which for most peoples, live in the dream. But when this new space opens the maker space location where it is now, will be moving into the new space.

And the location where they are now is actually gonna be an open concept office space where Danielle and I will sit as well as all of the Makerspace staff. So I'm really looking forward to that because. thrive off human interactions. So it's going to be way better. I can even work better just with people in the room.

I think that's gonna be great. And the other great thing about that is that we're gonna get to know our neighbors a little bit better. . So we're gonna be neighbors in our office space, but also neighbors in the rank and family pavilion. So it'll just be conducive to knowing what we're working on, what each group is doing, and maybe to more collaboration.

So I think that's gonna be great too. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. I think that, naturally, we're going to have a lot of new and interesting things that'll keep us feeling motivated and feeling very cheery and happy. Just once the door is open. This is something that's just gonna happen. Can you guys think of anything that we could actually implement steps that we could take, like a weekly wellness?

minute, ah, that we would take, so every or a daily minute that every day at exactly 3 0 5, then we all hop on Slack and we have to say a nice thing to each other or something 

Alicia Floyd: like that. force people to be 

Daniel Brett: nice to each other. . Not that's a little bit forced, like you said, but something anything like that pops into your head.

Tim Ribaric: I don't know if like a consistent affirmation is required. , something that I could even get behind. But I think one of the, like guiding principles or something we keep in mind anytime we do something is to respect people's time and their brain space and energy and not put too much stuff on them.

I think one of the things that I'm hoping comes across is whenever we talk to someone who has a project, , we don't pile on all the things that they need to consider, right? In the early stages, we have this really good way of ushering them along, getting them excited with what they're talking about, and then working with them in an effective way as opposed to, certainly not here, but in traditional library environments where it's here's the policy, here's the rules and dang it, you gotta follow it and that's your only option.

I think one of the things that will be a thing I keep in my mind is that when I interact and talk with people to, to be as far away from that kind of thing as possible. So if someone has their gentle. Baby egg of an idea in the middle of their hands and they're holding it towards us.

We don't swat it away on the ground and then it cracks and leaks into the floor. I think that is something that's front of mind for me anyways, in how we do business. That's a violin 

Daniel Brett: metaphor. Oh dear. I 

Alicia Floyd: had a point that lends itself exactly to what you're talking about is.

Just taking time to have an appreciation and respect for others and others jobs and others' expertise. So like you said, if someone comes with an idea and you might be more of an expert in that field of developing that project, but they're an expert in their own right. . So it's, to me, it's super important that everyone appreciates and respects other people's strengths which sometimes can't, doesn't happen in a workplace.

And so I think that's important to think. . 

Daniel Brett: I think that's a good thing to keep in mind when we're thinking about wellness as well, is making other people happy and respecting other people in turn can help us feel better. How do I describe this? So the feeling you get when you help somebody and they get that aha moment.

They come looking for a solution, feeling very dejected. This seems like a really big task. And when you sit them down and you explain that using this tool, they can quickly and easily achieve that excitement and joy that they get. You also get that excitement and joy on yourself from helping somebody else.

That's what we're here for. That's what we do is we wouldn't be here if we didn't enjoy helping people achieve their goals. At least for me personally, I, when I'm running a work. , nothing makes me feel happier or better about myself than when people are getting it, when it's, when they're smiling and they're nodding and they're just like, oh yeah, this makes perfect sense.

That's really cool. Then I feel much better and it gives me like this burst of energy that, that carries me through the rest of the day even. And manufacturing moments like that, I think. Not just good for us, but it's good for the DSL as a whole. I think that's 

Tim Ribaric: a good point. Just, for anyone who's listening that wasn't actually there, some of you were I was running workshop on Monday and it was an untested topic that I didn't know much about, and at least some instances during the hour that I was talking and I asked for an answer, people responded with exactly what I hoped they would

And that went really far with making it a good experie. . But yeah, I think I'm right there with you, Daniel, with that's this kind of mindful, is that a way we can describe it as a mindful teaching and learning environment that we're trying to create? . 

Daniel Brett: All right. So let's narrow the focus down a little bit to something.

Is there anything you can think of that we individually could do on our own? within our own spaces to improve our wellness. Is there some considerations that we might be overlooking in terms of things that bother us that are easy to solve but we just don't do them because it's a hassle or some something that we could do to just make ourselves feel better about ourselves 

Tim Ribaric: during the day?

Oh, like a personally directed affirmation or something we could be sure to be, respectful or mindful of that we could just do for our own sake, we 

Daniel Brett: could have is that what you get Matt, say a policy of as part of your work day, you get your hour or whatever for lunch, but also take 15 minutes to do something that makes you happy, that you truly enjoy just as part of your workday.

Whenever you find the. Just don't feel like there's the pressure from the man above you pushing down. You gotta make sure that like once per day you stop. Yeah. And be just like, I'm going to just close my eyes and listen to the entire soundtrack of The Greatest Showman . 

Tim Ribaric: And it's a little random example.

Daniel Brett: Wait 

Alicia Floyd: more than 15 minutes. Just saying 

Daniel Brett: total random example. I'm pluck it from the class. Yeah. I don't know where that came from. Listen to the top five. Showman songs that's maybe five 

Alicia Floyd: minutes. So I might have something, but it's not as narrow or as simple as take 15 minutes and, okay.

A yo pose or something. But so one of the things, if you haven't worked in an academic environment your entire career, it's an extremely different place to be. All positive ways, but it's an adjustment. And what I wanna do is adjust . So I'm, okay, so my example here is that I feel like 50% of my job is learning.

And taking the time while I'm at work to learn the things I need to learn to be able to do my job. , because that is the job. The job is to learn and then share your knowledge. That's what an academic environment is. Yes. But if you don't come from that background, your job is to be productive and sit at your desk and work all day and clock in at a certain time and clock out at a certain time and have your half hour lunch and that's it.

And if you wanna learn something, do it on your own time kind of thing. So for me, I wanna be able to adjust so that. don't feel guilty because I'm sitting at my desk reading a manual on how to use a software because it's just a different kind of environment. , and that is the job, and that's okay.

So that's what I wanna do. I've only been in this role for a short amount of time, so I know in time it'll just be second nature that's part of what I'm doing. But now I always feel like I need to take it home and do it, or I need to. And get all my actual tasks done to actually do the learning portion.

So I think I need to take time out of each day to do engage in the learning portion of my job and not feel guilty about it. 

Daniel Brett: I think that I can definitely relate to that cause I've just been in very similar, the, you go to work, you are expected and supervised and forced to work work.

And if you stop to sneeze, then.

Tim Ribaric: You wanna make up that time 

Daniel Brett: somewhere else? Yeah. Yeah. You feel like you have to stay five minutes late just because Oh I spent three minutes wiping my nose. I gotta make up that time. But yeah. And you're absolutely right. We spent a lot of time in this job. Our job is to learn new tools.

That's what the digital scholarship's all about, is providing tools that don't already exist on campus. , they don't exist because nobody's taking the time to learn, build, create the infrastructure, all that stuff. So we spend a lot of time doing that is learning and building and it's a very strange experience for me as well.

I'm, I don't understand it yet, but I'm starting to get 

Tim Ribaric: swing of it. I'm not say Most of my profession, all of my professional life, I've been fortunate enough to be in a academic environment. So like before I finished school, I was a youngster that had a job in retail and then a job in manufacturing.

But since I graduated and started working here, so all of my. work experience is all of my sort of professional or adult work experiences in this environment, in this particular environment especially. I spent a little bit of time working at a, another library at a different university, but that wasn't for very long.

But yeah I think I've been inundated or I don't know what the difference is. I. I still remember the first day Daniel started and I just sat next to him. I said here's a bunch of stuff that, oh God, that you're gonna need to either understand or know or communicate to others. And then I just, I felt like I kept going.

My brain just disassociated from what my mouth was doing. And maybe an hour plus later I was like, maybe I should slow down for this poor guy. And I think the point is well taken on. For me and to the future is, there might be some transitionary time that, it would take to get acclimatized to this environment and respecting that would be a good step towards mindfulness and a wellness of, people that are in my department.

So I hear the clever way that you both have pushed this in my direction and I'll be more mindful of this into the. No. 

Daniel Brett: Totally not intended at all. . Yeah, we're getting better. I distinctly remember the very first day and I was so pleased when you handed me sticky notes specifically, you said, all right here's all this stuff.

And oh here's a pile of sticky notes. And I was like, awesome. 

Alicia Floyd: And Daniel's computer literally looks like it has a lion's made now. That's right. It's 

Daniel Brett: covered in yellow. Sticky. Not anymore. Actually, I switched to digital sticky notes just recently. But you ran outta space. But when we started that, that's exactly why when we started, Tim, like you said, he went on and on.

Not in a bad way. That's what onboarding is for a job. And I. Filling out sticky notes and ripping and sticking 'em the entire time. Just going. It's oh, I need to learn this sticky note. And that whole first week, it was just like Alicia said, I had a lion's mane around my computer.

It was all sticky notes. But, and it was overwhelming at first, but then realizing it's yes, I was just assigned 35 tasks, but I don't have to get them done. Six hours. I have six months to get those done. Although at the time, it was two months until we opened. , oh boy. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. Yeah. We should do an oral history of the dsl.

Who knows what that would sound like. I know, unfortunately, Alicia was already working in this environment so I couldn't inundate her with my brand of brain dump. So she came in swinging already, so I didn't have the same opportunity. deprogram her and reprogram her in the ways of the mysterious DSL arts.

But 

Alicia Floyd: another cool thing Tim and I were just on a team here in the library, a project team, and some interesting stuff came out of that I hadn't ever thought of before. And one of those things was celebrating your failures. has never really been something I ever thought about. But it's an interesting concept of, okay, we tried this project and it totally failed and sitting down and thinking about all the, effort you put into it and what was good about that and what you learned from it.

And it's a good positive spin on, failing, suck at your job for 

Daniel Brett: a while, , I think that's, that is that right There is an extremely helpful tool for promoting wellness, is the idea of celebrating your failures. Because one of the great barriers to mental wellness is that feeling of disappointing someone.

That feeling of oh, I screwed up and it's going to reflect poorly on me. But the idea of taking. That feeling all those negative feelings and focusing them and saying, okay, I, yeah, I didn't achieve this correctly, but how can I turn that into something positive and how can I use this to grow?

I think that'd be a very good example actually, of just like a positive mental wellness exercise that could be done on a day-to-day basis. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. I yeah, I agree with exactly what both of you are saying, and it's, there. There needs to be something more than just sitting down at your desk and making productivity units until the day is done and then leaving.

That's, to me, that's not sustainable or good for the long term or not, or good for the organization or, generally speaking, I want. the ability, and I fortunate enough to have the autonomy to do these kinds of things, but think critically about whatever we're doing and then be like, you know what, this isn't worth doing anymore.

Or coming up with new ideas of doing things and not having it be such a, like a big deal. There's a lot of. creativity. I not the same type of creativity that painting a picture, but there's still a lot of, what kind of things do I have available to me? What kind of things can I make available to me and what kind of things can I do with that stuff?

I think that's what keeps me mindful or excited about the job and like with a positive attitude is because there's some flexibility and you can make some things. that might be useful for others and, if you get a paper or a presentation out of it too, that's highly motivating for 

Alicia Floyd: me.

Yeah, absolutely. Recently. For those listening, Tim has given us, both us in the d DSL and the people in the MAP data, GS Li GIS library, an opportunity to pick. , it's a project to work on our own project, something that interests us that we can work on a little bit each day. And for me that's huge because it's, I've picked something that I'm super pumped about.

I can't wait to learn more. I explore and turn it into a workshop and, get as much out of it as possible. And to be able to work on something that I'm becoming really passionate about, just, it's super exciting and it makes your work day fly. And I'm, I'll be working on other things and then I get this idea and I'm.

I'm turning into a sticky note, chunky as well, , just because of this. But having the opportunity to work on your own project that you've picked which both contributes to your job, but you're also learning is brilliant. It's super exciting. 

Daniel Brett: It sounds like we've definitely got a good handle on this this wellness thing and really happy to, we're at least the digital scholarship lab and et cetera, workplace is a positive and forward thinking space.

And I, I feel like we've definitely got some good things to think about now in terms of maintaining our daily wellness. , unless there's any further comments people want to throw into the pot. No 

Tim Ribaric: parting shots from me. I think I've said my piece. 

Daniel Brett: Alicia, I see your notes. I've got Are they expected? 

Alicia Floyd: My notes?

Notes. I think I've covered everything on my 

Daniel Brett: notes. . Alright, so in that case we're going to go ahead and we'll drop anchor there while we while we ponder what we've discussed.

All right, so before we go, I'd like to shamelessly plug our upcoming workshops. So on July 3rd, yours truly will be hosting an introduction to our workshop. And on July 17th, we will be holding an introduction to data visualization workshop. And with that said, thank you for joining us on this episode of Steering of the Digital Scholar.

As always, if you have any questions, comments, concerns, or just want to chat, feel free to message us on any of our social media platforms or use your digital origami skills to fold up an electronic message into the shape of a boat and sail it on over to us at dsl@brocku.ca. 

Tim Ribaric: Shout out to Makerspace for the.

