Ep16
===

Tim Ribaric: Hello and welcome to episode 16 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. This time we are going to the future. So as you might have guessed, it's me, Tim, and I'll be your captain for today's episode. And we are steering the slow boat down the river officially within the dog days of. . So what do you do when you hit the dog days of summer?

That's a good question. I'll let you, I'll tell you what I do during the dog days of summer. That's about when you have as much time ahead of you until school starts as behind. And then once you get into the dog days of summer, you also start thinking about what comes up next. Particularly for me, what comes up when the school year starts?

More or less what's coming up in the future, which immediately gets me thinking about time travel. Oh boy. Does it ever get me thinking about time travel? This, I just wanna clarify that this has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that I just finished watching the Dark on Netflix and I'm thoroughly confused about what happened.

I think I enjoyed it, but I'm not sure. Have either two of you listened or watched Dark on Netflix or heard of it? I've watched 

Daniel Brett: reviews of dark. to realize that it's not 

Tim Ribaric: for me. I see. 

Alicia Floyd: I clicked the plus to add it to my list. That's 

Tim Ribaric: about it. 

Daniel Brett: spoilers. There's time travel. 

Tim Ribaric: I, yeah, I don't think that comes a surprise.

I, I would hope not anyways, cuz you don't know what you're getting yourself into. If you don't know it's about time, travel any case. Time travel is a lot of fun. Let's just say it's a lot of fun because you can get confused when you think about it for a little bit longer. And a lot of interesting goofy stuff happens when you start thinking of a time travel.

Since the DSL and Makerspace haven't created a time machine to go back in time and into the past, what we'll have to do is just focus on the future and thinking about it. But before we do, Let's talk about time travel more generally,

as is customary. We'll delve into the team's perspectives on the subjects. So Daniel, I'll ask you, what is your favorite time travel piece of popular culture? I don't know 

Daniel Brett: what the official title for this movie is now. I think it was supposed to be called Edge of Tomorrow. And then it colloquially became known as Live Die Repeat.

But I know it from . It's less socially acceptable name of the original manga that it was based off of, which is All you need is Kill . I know it sounds it. Bad, and it is, but the live action remake has Tom Cruise reliving the same battle over and over. It's a whole thing. It's a really good movie.

Yeah, that, that's my the source material for that is my favorite. The mango is really 

good. 

Tim Ribaric: I should have known a popular movie. Made by Hollywood would've been based on some proper source material because that stu, that movie was too complicated just to be a Hollywood blockbuster.

So I'm happy you fill me in on the background for it with the, yeah, they cut out a lot for them. . Yeah. Wow. Doesn't surprise me. How about you, Alicia? What's your favorite piece of time travel, popular culture? 

Alicia Floyd: I have to say I'm not an avid follower of time travel. Popular culture. I think that at a young age I watched Groundhog Day, which is not really about time travel, but similar.

It's like a mellow version of the movie Daniel likes, . And I hate it. And it's the worst movie ever made. . Wow. It's horrible. It's like the same, horrible day repeated. forever. I can see him falling in that, jumping in that puddle like a hundred times. So I guess if I had to choose a actual time travel one that I really enjoyed, it's your classic back to the future.

I think what I liked more, most about, about that movie or those films is just the inventions that were in there, like the self drying coat and the self tying shoes and the hoverboards. cars. So I think that's why I look back to the future. But my favorite time related show isn't really about time travel.

So I hope this counts. I'm not sure if either of you have ever heard of the television show out of this world. It. it. It was in the, I wanna say it was in the late eighties, early nineties, and it's about a young teen adolescent girl who's half alien, half human. And she has the ability to pause time and start time.

And while time is paused, she can do things that change the sy, the scenario or the outcome of when she reinstates time. And she can also bring people out of their frozen state by touching them so that they. be involved in her world where time is standing still. And so that intrigued me from a very young age.

And I still to this day wish that sometimes I could just pause time. Nobody can see or hear anything, and it's just me and I can affect everything that happens around me. So I think out of this world, it was is my favorite. 

Tim Ribaric: I do remember that show on Daniel's too young of a whipper snapper. He won't remember.

He has to go to Memory Alpha. By way of Google, Burt Reynolds , was he the one of the characters on it? Apparently. That's a, that's an interesting pull from the archives. I used to love the show myself. But I guess what we come down now to the answer, what I would give as an answer to this question and I, I need to say I've watched a lot of time travel stuff.

I. A book that's called The History of Time Travel. And I've watched a lot of movies and read novels and stuff, so I probably spend too much time on it. And I'm gonna talk about something very obscure, and it's an Isaac Asimov book called The Edge of Tomorrow. Oh no. The End of, oh golly, the End of Eternity, where there's like a whole police force that goes through time to readjust stuff, to make sure that things happen the way they're supposed to.

And then at the very end of the book, the police force gets destroyed because of time. I gave it away, but it's my favorite instance of time travel cuz it's explained itself very well. And it doesn't get into any of the paradoxes that might happen when you talk about time travel. So that's our first piece.

Now, the second more important time travel question is if you could travel back or if you could travel in a time, I'm not even gonna restrict it forward to backwards. What's the first thing you would do? I'll ask you first. 

Alicia Floyd: I don't think I have a very good answer for this, to be honest. I don't really spend a lot of time thinking about time travel.

I know a lot of people have brilliant answers, like I'd want to have dinner with Shakespeare or hang out with King Tut. But I think whenever I think about traveling in time, it's reliving something that was amazing, like going back to a time that was amazing. And experiencing that all over again.

I don't know, I can't give an example. Maybe going back to a time when my grandparents were around and hanging out with them and asking them questions I wish I asked them that I thought of now and I didn't think of back then. Or, realizing that my child's gonna be 16 in a few weeks and maybe I wanna go back to like when he was six months instead and just re-experience that all over again.

So I think that would be my. 

Tim Ribaric: Very touching and less slap sticky than what I'm gonna talk about. How about you Daniel? What would you do if you had a time machine? I 

Daniel Brett: think if it was time travel in the sense that if you went back in time, you'd be in your previous body, not just like you're an adult in another time, existing with a younger version of yourself at the same time.

Cuz that gets into Paradoxy stuff. But if you could go. into your old self and I don't know, make different choices. Interesting and change. Change 

Tim Ribaric: your path. No. So no one would want to go back and kill Hitler or something? No, that would just 

Daniel Brett: cause more problems than it would solve . 

Alicia Floyd: I have that fear of, I don't know if it's every single time travel movie or if there's a specific time travel movie.

I don't know, but I have that fear. , if you change one single thing in history, it has this ripple effect, the butterfly effect. Yeah. So I think that I wouldn't, I think that's why I don't think about that. I think about just going back and like you said, that would changing, I would change some of the things or decisions I made, maybe.

Take a different path. But yeah, I'd be afraid of, destroying the world with one fell swoop, . 

Daniel Brett: And then of course, win the lottery by knowing the. Oh, of course. That's everybody's answer. Everybody does that. It's necessary to throw that in there. 

Tim Ribaric: The good thing about time travel if you do mess up something, you can just go back and fix it up before you messed it up so you have infinite turns.

That's infinite tries. Theoretically, that 

Daniel Brett: is theoretical and. Lots of time travel movies have proved that wrong, including this time travel movie you may have heard of called The Butterfly Effect. About the Butterfly Effect. It has three 

Tim Ribaric: sequels. They could have gone back in time just to fix everything.

As soon as you're willing to introduce time, travel, everything is fixable. Fair enough. So that's my take on it. And when I get my fancy grant to investigate time travel, that's gonna be, I think my concluding statement. . I don't know if you've heard the story since now we're out in the realm of really silly, I dunno if you've heard the story about how Steven Hawkings discovered that time travel doesn't exist.

Have you heard this story? No. Apparently he held a party and he had it before he sent out the invitations and the invitations. Were for time travelers and said, if you're interested in coming to this party, it was last week and no one showed up to his party. And that was ipso facto how he proved that time travel doesn't exist.

But what I'd be willing to say is that people didn't want to go to a Stephen Hawking party, even though they were time travelers. So that doesn't disprove time travel it. And that's my story, and I'm sticking to it. How did 

Alicia Floyd: he deliver the invitations? 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, probably on the internet somehow. I don't know. That part of the anecdote always disappears.

I don't know the exact details of. . In any case, now that we're thinking about time travel, let's get onto our next activity.

So what I call, this is the Oracle. . So we don't laugh too much about it. We're, we can't go backwards in time, so that's impossible. But what we can do is prognosticate and think about the future and then ask something called an Oracle to see if it's correct or not, or to be guided in what our future might be.

So the ancient Greeks at Delphi had an oracle where they used to ask it all sorts of questions. So that's what we're gonna do today. For our ASR as SMR community, I have a coffee cup here full of paper slips. So what we're gonna do is each take a turn, pulling a partial question out of the cup. Once we pull the, once whoever pulls the question out, read the question such as it is, and then you'll hit an ellipse.dot.

Just fill it in with the rest of a question and I will ask a magical Oracle and then we'll have an answer return to us. Sound complicated? Yep. All right, Daniel, you just volunteered to go first. Do you have a 

Daniel Brett: digital eight ball somewhere that we're gonna be using ? Is it gonna be just like, outlook?

Not great. All right. Will the favorite part of the dsl.dot. . 

Tim Ribaric: So what am I doing with this? You just fill in the rest of the question. So you have the first few words of the question and ideas to fill in the rest of it. And this is the question. It's a start of a question. Will the 

Daniel Brett: favorite part of the dsl.dot 

Tim Ribaric: dot, 

Daniel Brett: Will the favorite part of the DSL be computers? 

Tim Ribaric: There we go. Thanks for getting in the spirit. Is that how this works? Let's see what the Oracle tells us. I was not prepped for this. It is certain it is a magic 

Daniel Brett: eight ball. You've got a magic eight ball 

Tim Ribaric: over there, don't you? I have a Oracle into the future is what I have here.

No further questions on that regard. I want to see. All right, Alicia, what. . What? What would you like to ask? The 

Alicia Floyd: Oracle. Okay. Oracle. Does the DSL have a mascot? 

Tim Ribaric: My reply is no. That's disappointing. So we need to develop a mascot, isn't it? The boat 

Daniel Brett: Thought 

Tim Ribaric: we said a boat, Boaty mc boat phase. No, not that one.

Oh, that. That's already, that's claimed. That's copyright. All right, so our first conference will dot. Happen. The summer of 2020. And let me ask, the Oracle cannot predict now. Oh, golly. Killing me. Killing me here, Oracle. All right, Daniel, take a turn. Our 

Daniel Brett: greatest achievement in the DSL will not good at this.

Our greatest in achievement in the dsl. Will happen tomorrow. 

Tim Ribaric: I should hope not. Wait a minute. Oh. As I see it, yes. There we go. Oh, you know what? We have a workshop planned for tomorrow, don't we? Yep. Alicia's 

Daniel Brett: running a workshop. Oh, wow. It's gonna be the greatest moment in the dsl. It's all downhill from there.

no pressure. 

Alicia Floyd: Our first guest speaker will be Bill Gates. 

Tim Ribaric: Gates. All right, let me ask the oracle, my sources say. That's it. 

Daniel Brett: That's all it says. My sources say this is 

Alicia Floyd: a very bad Oracle. This Oracle's basically saying, ask realistic questions. You 

Tim Ribaric: fools okay with that? With that in mind I've pulled one out.

What will we stop doing now that quantum computers have taken over?

Daniel Brett: Oh, we'll stop saying yes because they'll have all the answers 

Tim Ribaric: for us. There we go. Okay. Very good. Daniel, this is, what do you got? 

Daniel Brett: Avocado? Singular. Avocado are expensive. How is this a question? This is like the starting of a statement. Aco, avocado are expensive because dot avocado are expensive because they have to travel.

Question Mark 

Tim Ribaric: more of a statement, but the Oracle says don't count on it. So how is that a question? Oracle does not like your leading sentences or your leading questions. . Okey dokey. The Oracle de demands definitive questions. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay. My question is, will the DSL open? By September, 2019. 

Tim Ribaric: Oof. Ah, see, I was hoping we would get to the brass tacks.

All right, let me ask the Oracle, oh, the Oracle says it is certain. There we go. Nice. So we can count down on two hands. Now the Oracle lies . It's like the matrix. The oracle tells us what we need to hear, perhaps as opposed to what is actually going to happen. All right. Our greatest advocate at Brock.

B r downfall. This is my question. The Oracle says as I see it, yes. Uhoh. We got we got some problems in the future. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. Will our first sponsor be Wealthy ? 

Tim Ribaric: Let me ask the oral it is. . 

Daniel Brett: That's good. 

Tim Ribaric: Wow. We've got quite a rich tapestry of future events happening in the dsl. Okay. When 

Alicia Floyd: the DSL is up and running, will we receive a $2 million grant to buy more stuff?

Tim Ribaric: Let me ask the Oracle as I see it. Yes. Nice. Wow. That's great to, you're welcome. Come and see. Sounds like a pay raise. Yeah, we gotta make sure we're asking the right question. Oh, our first interview in the St. Catherine Standard will end up on the front page. Let me ask the Oracle. Yes. All right. Keep that in mind.

We'll be on the front page of the local newspaper, sir.

Daniel Brett: Okay. This is a two-parter, . It's a. Framework there. The paper we write about GitHub will be poorly received.

Tim Ribaric: Let me ask the Oracle article. It is certain, oh no. Oh boy. We should just switch to another topic right off the bat then. What do you got, Alicia? . 

Alicia Floyd: Okay. How does the dsl.dot dot I feel like this isn't gonna be able to form a yes or no question. How does the dsl Oh man, get a mascot? . 

Tim Ribaric: Let's see. No, let's ask the Oracle.

Oh, cannot predict. Now, once again, the Oracle is not happy with us. 

Alicia Floyd: Ask. That's because it was not a yes or no question. And the Oracle knows 

Tim Ribaric: it. . Yes. All right. So let me see here. What day will, oh, golly. Now I'm now I'm in a pickle. What day will.dot dot what day will be the first day that we.

That's not a yes or no question. Yes or yes, definitely. Ah-huh. . So 

Daniel Brett: what day will it be? Yes, . 

Tim Ribaric: It will open on a day. That's what we've discovered, . All right. We will open the DSL on a day. 

Daniel Brett: Mine is, once the Rankin Family Pavilion opens, we will incur great debts by collaborating with the other members of the Ranken family.

Pav. 

Tim Ribaric: It's more of a statement, but let's ask the Oracle. Yes, we will incur great debts.

Interestingly enough, that was me calling from the future to say this bit wasn't really working and we should stop doing it. So I'm gonna take my own advice and say we've done all we can with asking the Oracle. So without further ado, let's just give a shout out to the upcoming events.

Tomorrow on the 17th at 10 in the morning Alicia will be running her world famous introduction today, visualization. Following week on July 25th, 10 30 in the morning, we'll be doing our introduction at Python class and actually a little bit farther into the future. Let's see what I did there.

On Wednesday, August 7th at 10 in the morning, Martin will be doing an introduction to q g. Session, which is great because this is the newest or this is gonna be the first time we've had any sort of introduction to Q G I S in the DSL or MAP data GIS library. Looking forward to that. And of course, details on signup are available on experience BU and Eventbrite.

Be sure to research for the Brock Digital Scholarship Lab on Eventbrite to get a listing of all of our events. So we'll take a moment here to drop the anchor.

And thank you for traveling into the fourth dimension with us. As always, we'd love to hear from you. Drop us a line at DSL brock u ca.

