Ep17
===

Alicia Floyd: Hello and welcome to episode 17 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. I am Alicia and will be your friendly captain today. As you may or may not know, today is July 30th, a k, a World Friendship Day. According to our amigos at Wikipedia, this holiday was created by the greeting card industry. However, social media has revived people's enthusiasm for the holiday since digital forms of communication make it easier.

And possibly more fun to wish people a happy friendship day. The tradition has become more popular than ever, although different countries celebrate this special day on different dates throughout the year. The general assembly of the United Nations declared July 30th as the official international friendship day.

I'd also like to make a quick note that today is Lisa C's birthday, which is quite fitting since she was a favorite on the TV show. So since today's friendship day, I've decided to invite our soon to be neighbor and friend Tabitha on our show. She is the coordinator of Brock University's makerspace. We have often referred to the DSL as being an idea factory while Tabitha and her crew are the cool factory because they have got a lot of cool stuff, a lot of cool projects on the go.

And so together I am going to say that we are the cool idea factory. Ma'am. Hi Tabba. Thanks for being with us today. Hello. Thank you for having me. We also have our usual suspects, Tim and Daniel, who will be talking about the amazing friendship topic. 

Tim Ribaric: Hello? 

Alicia Floyd: Before we set sale, let's dig into our traditional icebreaker questions. The first question I have, Is about friends. I was hoping each of you could tell our listeners about one of your most wonderful friends. Don't share their name or who they are or how you know them. Just share a few characteristics or qualities that make them a great friend.

Who wants to go first? 

Tim Ribaric: Oh boy. 

Alicia Floyd: I don't You want 'em to go first? Okay. Daniel's up. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. Like my best friend that's not my fiance, is is a really cool dude. He is very loyal, which is probably the best trait and I can trust him with anything. 

Alicia Floyd: Awesome. So we have loyalty. , how about you, Tabitha?

Tabitha Lewis: I have a really good friend who is just the most entertaining person I've known I try to keep them close because life gets a little boring sometimes, . And I hope I provide the same amount of entertainment as 

Alicia Floyd: they do. Awesome. So entertaining, so funny. Yes. Excellent. How about you, 

Tim Ribaric: Tim? I would have to say probably a good.

Cuz surprise people listening at home. Probably don't know from past episodes that I'm a bit of a pessimist, so I like to say things and get things off my chest and it's great that my buddy is there to listen and not judge me too bad about being pessimistic all the time.

So that's my 

Alicia Floyd: contribution. Very good. I shouldn't have gone last cuz good listener was mine. But I guess I'll go with honest. I like someone who's honest if you can't get together with me, don't tell me it's cuz you're sick. Just tell me you don't feel like it. You know what I mean?

Just be honest. So 

Tim Ribaric: someone, just get put called on. Don't blast. Just tell me the 

Alicia Floyd: truth. That's why everyone says they're sick all the time. , 

Tim Ribaric: I see there's a, what's the standup comedian what's his name? John Elaney. He's got a joke where he says . Sure, chocolate is okay, but have you ever canceled plans in terms of, feeling good?

Alicia Floyd: . Okay, so for good friends, we have someone who's loyal, funny and entertaining, honest and a good listener. I think those are some pretty good qualities. I agree. I briefly mentioned at the beginning of this episode, impact that digital communication has on days such as International Friendship Day. So speaking of digital communication, I have a few more questions about friendships and how they work in today's technological society.

So my next question is, have you ever made a friend with someone over the internet, a friend who you now hang out with in person, have potentially been to their house and even met their pet? I do not mean someone that you met through online. . And so my example is , someone that you've had a conversation with, say, on Twitter that's turned into a Let's meet for coffee because we're both super cool people sort of situation.

Tim Ribaric: That's assuming that I'm a super cool person. That's awfully nice of you to say. , 

Tabitha Lewis: yeah, the answer's no. I'm a little old school. I like to actually meet people, shake their hand, have some. . Yeah. And let it 

Alicia Floyd: roll. I hear you. I am the exact same. And I actually am new to having my own personal social media accounts.

I've had some for work before, but I find it extremely odd to get to know someone on social media and then see them around, yeah. In the hallways at work where you have, you know who they are , and you know everything about them from social media, but you've never even said hello in person.

So super awkward. Awkward. So I'm with you. I'm old school. Oh, 

Tim Ribaric: you people Living in that previous century, there's something very reassuring where I can go to Twitter and reach out and spew my sort of negative. Take on the world and then have a group of people agree with me and then start following me, and then I start conversing with those people.

To answer the question, yeah, more than once have I developed a friendship online that's turned into something that works in real life for I l or away from keyboard, however you want to describe it. What is particularly cool about that is that everyone goes to the same conference every year.

So it's you ever see that movie high. Where there can only be one. And so they're like scattered all across the world and for one time during the year they congregate on one spot, except that we don't murder each other with swords, , we just hang out and talk for a few days and then we all disperse to the different corners of our country and, internationally as well.

And then go back to 

Alicia Floyd: Twitter. That's right. , Twitterverse conversations and keep 

Tim Ribaric: the conversation going via that. , what is also particularly useful about that, and I'm sure everyone in this room won't agree with me, but I'm very introverted, so meeting people in real life is difficult for me because I don't like to talk to people in meet space, very much like in social settings, at work, that's no problem.

But Twitter enables you to. Make car common grounds with people without needing to really put yourself out there. You just blah, blah, blah about something and someone starts following you and you follow them back and then you virtual high five every once in a while, . 

Alicia Floyd: Very cool. How about you?

Do you relate more with Tim or Tab and I, Daniel? 

Daniel Brett: I don't use any form of social media really. I got Facebook with my fiance and I started. Dating and that's the extent of it is I have a Facebook account. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay. So you haven't met someone online and then met them in person because of it? I have never met someone online.

Okay. 

Tim Ribaric: Got it. Good. right across the spectrum here. Yes. This is pretty cool. 

Alicia Floyd: I do also have a follow up question. I'm wondering if digital communication has changed the way any of you interact with your friends, like your human friends that you had before social media. , 

Tabitha Lewis: I would say yes. Before like Instagram and Facebook became like the way to update people on how you, I don't know what you ate for breakfast and like how your day was.

I found that with a particular friend, like we just had better conversations. And then the friendship became very, Because everybody now had access to what would've been a one-on-one conversation was just like everyone could like, and so it, it changed the dynamic of the friendship because it didn't seem as sacred.

Or special. 

Alicia Floyd: Did you find too, you have less to talk about in person because they already 

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah. And they actually want you to respond and like on social media versus actually Hey, 

Alicia Floyd: Speed up. Yeah. And then if you don't respond, they're like, why aren't you liking my picture? Why do you hate me? This is over

Tim Ribaric: I've had weird experiences where I follow someone on Twitter and they mentioned something, and then nine months later I see them in person. And then they go into a story about, oh yeah, I was doing this thing. I'm like, yeah I read about it nine months ago and somehow remember it. Now I'm gonna freak you out by saying that , I do remember it.

And then they get all weird 

Alicia Floyd: so you're following me on Twitter? Are you 

Tabitha Lewis: Tim creeping people up again? But that's what it does. 

Tim Ribaric: That's what you're supposed to do. 

Alicia Floyd: So I think my interactions have changed in that everyone I know has social media. . I guess I'm just not a fan. I'm a fan for business and I get why it works, but I'm not a fan in my personal life.

And one of the things I noticed is how. excluding it can be if you're not involved in social media. , like I, I know that invitations are pretty much only sent out on social media, so I usually find out about the parties I missed after, you know what I mean? . . So it's definitely changing the whole dynamic and the way people even interact with each other.

So you can either get on the bandwagon and I have not, or get left in the dust. So I'd say I'm in the dust because of it. How about you, Danielle? I didn't even know there was dust to be left in . You heard the dust with me. 

Tim Ribaric: dust was funny. 

Daniel Brett: Like the only change that interacting with social media has really made on my friend group.

And for me it was like this big change was instead of texting each other, then we started using Facebook Messenger to talk to each other. So that was the big change from texting to Messenger and. . The big blow away mind boggle thing was that we could text multiple people at the same time. So the group messaging, so I'm sure there was group texting you could do in the past, but we didn't.

Figure that out with our little button phones where we had to push the numbers multiple times. Yes. , so a, B, C, 

Tim Ribaric: the, oh, the millennials listening won't know what the heck we're talking about. 

Daniel Brett: For me the big advent of the group message, Like area where you can go back and read what everyone was writing and it's just Hey, you missed 108 posts in this conversation of rainbow rumpus party town.

Oh boy. Another thing I'm noticing with even the younger generation so my son is a young teenager, is that they're connecting through video game platforms. . And it's the summer and I'm trying to say, get out of the house and do something. Nature, which is foreign, I think, to youth these days.

. But what I'm realizing now is I say why don't you have your friends over to play the game? But if the friends are over at our house, they can't play the game together. They each have to be at their own house with their own. do hickey and their own do beeping still? Yeah. So I'm seeing that in different ways, different types of technology are even further separating people because you have to have your own do hickey in your own place to do the thing.

Tim Ribaric: , see, I'm I conflate sort of my personal with my professional personas all the time. So I say that like I'm gonna disagree with everyone here and say the opposite, that the invention of social media and. , it's really been a benefit for me because I remember even in second year, a professor of mine, he was a bit of a kooky guy.

He just to set the stage, he actually gave us the final exam. With the last page was the answer key stapled onto it. So he was a bit of a scatter brain and he also, he came up with a lot of different goofy theories. But the one thing he'd always used to tell us is that always develop a network.

Develop a bunch of people that you would call out if you're in a jam when you start working or you hit a wall or something that you can contact and let 'em know. So that's the same thing with Twitter for. Surprise is that, I've got this group of people that I've cultivated relationships with across the country and internationally that I can just float a question out and say, oh, who's, anyone ever come across this?

And then you get responses for days later and like international, from people you. Barely talk to, but you get decent feedback from. So I think it's a game changer in a positive direction. It's, without that, I'll be screaming at the wall in my office trying to figure something out when I can just 280 characters at a time.

push it into the digital void and get responses. So I must admit it's been a positive game changer for my outlook and the way I do stuff. . 

Alicia Floyd: Yeah, I think that's a good point for business and networking and any sort of career situation. It's definitely positive. It's like creating, making that global village even smaller.

This has been a great conversation about friendship, so thank you everyone. Before we do move on to our more in-depth discussion, I wanna take a moment to acknowledge that this is International Friendship Day and it really is and should be about so much more than simply thinking about your best buddy.

It is a day to promote friendship among people, cultures, and countries, a day of sharing, understanding and peace. It will be interesting to pay attention to social media today and see if this special day really is re. By as many people as we would hope it would be. Especially nice if every day was friendship day, especially with our current political, economic, and social climate.

But let's not get into any of that right now. So let's set sale instead and get into the conversation about friendships here at Brock University.

For those of you who aren't yet aware, the Digital Scholarship Lab is going to be located in the Ranken Family Pavilion, which is a brand new building right at the front of the school in the heart of campus. This is also known as Brock Link. LINK stands for Learning, innovation, networking and Collaboration.

The Makerspace and Digital Scholarship Lab will be neighbors in this amazing new facility Today. I wanna talk to our neighbor, Tabitha, and get to know about all the cool stuff they have going on. . So my first question, Tabitha, some listeners may know what it means when we say Makerspace, but for those listeners who have yet to experience the magic of a makerspace, can you tell us a little bit about what a makerspace is and what people can do there?

Tabitha Lewis: For sure. And I just wanna like state that the concept of a makerspace, at least an academic one, is relatively new to me as well, and it takes different forms for different. So our makerspace at Brock University is definitely a space that promotes collaboration. It encourages exploration and innovation.

I know there's a lot of shunts, it really wants to build sense of community on campus and encourage students and faculty and anyone who enters really to. play around with technology and problem solve in a creative way. 

Alicia Floyd: Awesome. So the maker space is a place that's open to anybody on campus, 

Tabitha Lewis: right?

Anyone on campus and even community members. 

Alicia Floyd: And do people have to make appointments or they can just drop in? 

Tabitha Lewis: People can make appointments. , and they can also drop in. So depending on what you want to get involved with for example, we have learning experiences previously known as workshops.

And you can come in for a learning experience by reserving a time and experience bu, which is our our event scheduling software that we have on campus. And once you. , make a reservation for a topic that interests you. You can actually sit in and learn in a hands-on kind of way about music, 3D printing circuitry, robotics, coding, tons of really great topics coming 

Alicia Floyd: up.

Awesome. I think we're all a little. Envious of that learning experience terminology. . You guys can not borrow it. Music . Can you also give us a couple of examples of projects that students have been working on in the makerspace? 

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah, I can give you one that has really stood out for me. So about a year and a half ago, we had a fourth year student taking audiology, and she was very new to technology in the sense that, everyone has a device or a computer, but the idea of creating something with a 3D printing machine was.

I guess I could have just said 3D printer. With a 3D printer and designing it, you're an expert. 

Tim Ribaric: You could just kept going. We would've been 3D printing 

Tabitha Lewis: machine. You got 3D printing machine, device thing, . So she was new to it all and she was actually quite intimidated. But she had this really great.

Assignment, which was to explore audiology. So she created this idea after, talking with us and flushing out some really crazy ones to create a macro 3D model of the the inner ear. So we worked and we, Flushed out all these ideas and she completed the project and she just really built up her literacy in technology and her confidence in being able to approach maybe the problem of thinking outside the box in a different way.

So she got a really good mark on her assignment and she was super happy and now she. Doing her master's at another university, but she messages back sometimes and says, oh my gosh. I really, I'm really glad I had this experience 

Alicia Floyd: here. Awesome. That sounds like an amazing project. , I like too that you brought in the idea that the student was really nervous and wasn't sure where to go, because I think that's something we've been trying to address.

Here in our podcasts with the Digital Scholarship Lab, for people who aren't sure and a little nervous, a little scared to enter into that new world that we're here to guide you and lead you. So it sounds like a perfect example of that. How about faculty? Do you have an example of a project a faculty member may have collaborated with you on?

Tabitha Lewis: Yes. It's, and this idea of collaborating with the Makerspace with faculty has been growing since we opened. We have maker enthusiasts on campus and so immediately they heard the term makerspace and they just wanted to know how to get involved in support. One of the really great faculty or instructor partnerships we've had is with the international department.

So every. Summer they get an accelerated English as a second language program. So a lot of people from overseas come and they get to pretty much have a maker experience and be explored exposed to maker technology. One of the projects was that the instructor gave him, the task to create a business idea.

So they created the business idea and they made a logo and then they had to. Make it 3D or use the makerspace. So they drafted their logo, they were able to 3D model it and then 3D print it and have a prototype. And so all this went within a few weeks, but that was a really good partnership because now even today, three years later, we still get people.

Even this morning I got an email, I want to do this prototype for this thing. So it really is growing and growing. That's amazing. 

Alicia Floyd: Do you guys have any questions for Tabitha before 

Tim Ribaric: we move on? Or what what would you say is the most what's the biggest draw in the room? What brings the people in the most, would you say?

Tabitha Lewis: People are fascinated with 3D printers, so that is one of the biggest drawings. 

Tim Ribaric: Tabitha, sorry to interrupt you. I believe they're called 3D printing 

Tabitha Lewis: machines. Sorry. 3D printing machine devices dos, yes. They're fascinated with it and it is literally, Heated nozzle going back and forth. And this is not a quick pro, this is not a microwave type of machine.

This is takes hours to really, get your get to see and actually distinguish that as a 3D model of something at design. But people will sit there, stand there, watch it, just, and be amazed at the technology. Like once this is done, I will have a 3D model of something I designed.

I think they're really drawn in. 

Tim Ribaric: Absolutely. I can attest to that. It's very hypnotic and therapeutic just to watch it go back and forth, and it makes this wonderful zipping noise as it trans, goes back and forth on its taxes, , it's very 

Alicia Floyd: therapeutic. Yeah. . So Tim and Daniel, have either of you had an opportunity to experience the Makerspace yet?

And if so, can you give our listeners an example of something you've experimented with or learned? . 

Tim Ribaric: Oh boy. This is probably news to everyone listening, but before I started the team in the dsl, I was part of the systems team, which was part of the Makerspace team. . So there's been a few years there where I've been pitch hitting and collaborating and doing some projects and stuff.

Two things come to mind. One These are legit because I talked about them in my annual reports. So they're not goofy. I cooked up a mustache photo booth once. So I had this raspberry pie connected to a webcam and and it was connected to a button and you just stare at the computer screen and then click the button, like a photo booth, and then it would make a picture with you of, with a mustache.

And that would be it. amazing. And so we had, after a few weeks, a large collect. People's pictures with little Mustachio and that was pretty fun. And the other thing I did too I spent a bunch of time creating the third rendition of something called the Tabul Tron. So if you google that up, you'll find out all about it.

I've written a few journal articles about it. It's effectively at Little Raspberry Pie with some buttons on it that connects wireless. to a database and tabulates things useful for people in the library field if they want to keep track of how many times they talk with someone. So I, I spent a lot of time successfully and unsuccessfully soldering bits and pieces together to little boards while I was in the makerspace.

So that was I would say two interesting things that I was able to produce when I was hanging out in that 

Alicia Floyd: space. Sounds like you're pretty familiar with everything they have to offer over there. Yep. Good. How about you, Daniel? 

Daniel Brett: I have attended multiple learning experiences, 

hosted by the Makerspace, as well as some private learning experiences involving video editing which were very 

helpful in our work.

Alicia Floyd: Awesome. I have also attended many learning experiences, , but also aside from that, just I feel like every time I interact with someone from the Makerspace, I learn something new. something I could be using, which is awesome. One of the neatest things, I think, actually I can't say the neatest cuz there's a lot of really cool stuff.

The cricket machine is amazing. But the virtual reality is pretty spectacular. And the one that I saw is, The human heart. , so you're in the heart without the blood flow. So you can see the way things open and close and look around. And it gives you a whole new perspective.

I'm also watching Grey's Anatomy right now. . And so I'm like, okay, I understand. Yes. And they're 3D printing body parts and valves and all kinds of crazy stuff in that show. This show is basically medical makerspace. Pretty much . That's awesome. I'm wondering also, Tabitha, what your absolute favorite thing to do or tool is in the makerspace?

Your personal 

Tabitha Lewis: favorite. My personal favorite. Outside of collaborating with really amazing people like the OG maker, Tim, who's been super supportive and other people on. And sharing ideas. I really like music, so I love messing around with what will soon be our own audio lab where you get to have like mini keyboards and, electric drums and really play around with the software to get the sound the way you want it to be.

3D modeling 3D printing's amazing, but I'm a music fan. 

Alicia Floyd: I. Ask you to bring a little sound bite. I know. , next 

Tabitha Lewis: time. Next time, we could do a live, music production podcasts or 

Alicia Floyd: something. Whoever's up next for captaining the ship. There you go. Oh dear . Moving along with our voyage here today I've done a lot of background research on digital scholarship labs and other academic environments, and one thing I noticed.

Is that many institutions have combined what we are calling a makerspace and a digital scholarship lab into one service point. With that said to me, we are natural friends and we'll hopefully have many collaborative projects together moving forward. I was hoping we could have an impromptu discussion or brainstorm to perhaps brew up some ideas of how we may be able to work together.

I know that's a tough one on the spot, but 

Tim Ribaric: it's. Go ahead. I know I've often told Tabitha if you guys need someone to do a how to solder workshop, I would love to do that. Yes. And I can help the undergrads burn their fingers and stuff. Yeah. 

Tabitha Lewis: We would love to have a soldering learning experience.

Oh 

Tim Ribaric: and a maker space learning experience. This nomenclature, I have to get used to it. . But yeah, that's one that I've been chewing on for a while and I hope that you guys have the equipment now. It's just a matter of the space, plotting it out and all that kind of stuff. Oh, they need to open the RFP first, but Yes.

Tabitha Lewis: One day. Yeah, 

Alicia Floyd: someday. I think it was this weekend I saw on Twitter. , this idea of actual physical data visualizations. So we've talked in on our podcast about how the DSL. Creating data visualizations with various software. But I saw on Twitter that people are creating the visualization but then making something physical.

So that might be a neat way to explore. Yeah. A different type of data visualization. 

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah. I think it was a professor here, someone they took. A chapter from a book, and then they put it in this software that made the words into numbers, and then they put the numbers into another 3D modeling software, and then it created this abstract shape.

So there's a lot of really cool and innovative ways to visualized data with 3D modeling. With the makerspace. 

Tim Ribaric: Awesome. . The other thing that comes to mind, there used to be a grad student that would come into the makerspace, I forget what his name was. He was in biotech, I think, and he was building an apparatus to keep culture, so like a Petri dish at a particular temperature.

And he used a raspberry pie and python and like a heater and a sensor. And so he was like asking about how to write some code up for it. It would be pretty neat to help this gentleman put his apparatus together and then have him accumulate all this data and then store the data in a way that's useful, right.

Using our sort of, Idea of research, data management. You can take all of that, put it somewhere useful make it accessible to other people and, make it fodder for visualization. So that would be another thing. So if that guy comes back, I don't know what he looks like. Yeah, he's probably graduated, but if he does, 

Tabitha Lewis: we should let him make like a DSL button in the makerspace.

And you guys have a makerspace button. So whenever oh yeah, it's like a call. It's and then you guys have to run. And then vice versa. 

Tim Ribaric: Get the bad phone. Just directly? 

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah. Or a phone. I guess a phone would make more sense. , 

Alicia Floyd: you could just dunno. Send. I like the button. . 

Tim Ribaric: I think we can make this a little bit more complicated than just a telephone.

Yes. . That's why we're here. 

Alicia Floyd: Awesome. That was a great discussion and I wanna thank Tabatha very much for joining us today and sharing her know-how and what's what about all things maker. I know all of us are incredibly excited about the amazing things you and your team are doing and experiential learning opportunities.

The Makerspace is offering the broad community and Niagara residents. I am bursting with excitement for the moment that we are actually neighbors. But with that said, it is time to drop anchor. Don't forget to reach out to us for questions, comments, or just to tell us how much you are loving our podcast@dslbrocku.ca, or any one of our many social media platforms.

We also have a couple of workshops coming up in August, one on Q G I S, and another one from Compute Canada. Check out experience bu to find the dates and times. And lastly, mami. I'd like to wish the world a very happy international friendship day. And sticking with our nautical theme, I'll share a quote by an unknown author.

There are big ships and small ships, but the best ship of all is friendship. 

Tabitha Lewis: Aw. 

Tim Ribaric: Warm and fuzzy. Very sweet. 

Alicia Floyd: Beautiful.

