Ep20
===

Alicia Floyd: Hello and welcome to the 20th episode of Steering the Digital Scholarship. I'm Alicia and I will be your acting captain for today. Daniel and Tim, your other favorite characters are here. Say hello, fellas. Hello, 

Tim Ribaric: fellas. Oh, that's okay. 

Alicia Floyd: That was the request. Thanks guys. Thanks for that today, our episode.

Subject is Milestone Madness.

So how do you guys feel about the fact that we are at this very moment accomplishing our 20th episode? 

Tim Ribaric: I'm pretty excited about this. I didn't look up the exact date we started doing this, but it's been less than a year. Isn. The case, what do you guys say? For sure, some point in the fall, late, like later in the fall.

We actually, like either of us, has been here for a year. Oh my gosh. There's that too, right? Yeah. So yeah, less than a year doing this and we're already like almost at two dozen episodes in the can, which is great. I think I think it's going particularly well. I don't know. What do you think, Daniel? More like two hungry.

Hungry 

Daniel Brett: Dozen. Eh? 

Alicia Floyd: That's what it's a called 

Daniel Brett: a Baker's dozen. Baker's dozens. 13. Hungry Dozens. 10. Because you ate two. 

Alicia Floyd: I have never heard that before. I like it. I like it a lot. Yeah, I was, it's amazing that it seems like we've been here forever. Yet. Time flies. At the same time, and yet we 

Tim Ribaric: all dread coming up with a topic for each episode, so we get full of joy and fear every time we record, which, it motivates the heck outta me.

Let me tell you. I feel like 

Daniel Brett: quite a few of them came very naturally. I 

Alicia Floyd: don't know. 

Tim Ribaric: But even the hard work and preparation we all put in Yes. To make it seem like it was so seamless and casual. Yeah, 

Alicia Floyd: of course. The good thing is that soon we will have a lot more people to help us out with our podcasts, which we'll talk about a little bit later.

For me, this episode feels like a milestone. So for our icebreaker today, let's talk about milestones. What is the best milestone of your life? And I know this is a crazy hard question. You can say too, if you're scared that people in your life might be listening and offended that they're not included.

And then the second milestone I want you to share with us, other than your best is one that's either really weird or unusual that people might. Something people might not know about you, but that it's a milestone for you. So who wants to go first? 

Tim Ribaric: I need to go first and say that the birth of my children and the day I was married are both tied for the best male milestone of my life.

Cover those bases. Just get that on record right away. Yes. Ditto. First off the bat. So that, that, that being said a more complicated milestone or more interesting. Let me chew on that for a moment. I'll hand it over to Daniel. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay, Daniel, 

Tim Ribaric: you're up. 

Daniel Brett: On that note, clearly my greatest milestone hasn't happened yet for another week.

Alicia Floyd: Yes. For those who want some juicy, interesting news, our wonderful Daniel Brett is getting married in a week, so congratulations to you. Yeah, 

Daniel Brett: let's, is that you fast, bro? Clearly. Clearly I don't have my best milestone yet but currently up to this point in my life, my best milestone. When I finished high school, I decided I was gonna just run off to a foreign country and live there for the rest of my life.

And I went off to Europe and just packed around Europe for two months and that was a huge turning point in my life cuz when I ran outta money and had to call home and say, Hey, I'm stuck in Prague. Send me money to get home. When I came back, the deal was that if I, if they gave me the money to come back, I'd have to go finish high school, go to university, get a degree, become a responsible adult, and do adult things and who gets married 

Tim Ribaric: in a week, stuff like that.

Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: And how's that going for you? Yeah, I've, I'm doing all those things and I am so grateful for that moment. That big crucible moment where my life went from being just a haphazard path to having a very clearly defined route. It was a really huge moment in my life and I'm, I feel like I, I'm a completely different person before and after in that that point on the timeline, which I.

What a milestone 

Alicia Floyd: is. So yes. Excellent answer. Very transformative. Yeah. Is that your best milestone and your unusual weird milestone, or do you have something that's a little more weird or unusual to share? 

Daniel Brett: When I was eight years old, that was the first time I ever had a peanut butter and onion sandwich.

Ooh. And that was a big milestone because I, it's a really good combo. Do 

Alicia Floyd: you still eat that? Yeah. Oh Lord, they're quite good. Do you bring that to work? No. 

Daniel Brett: Onions at work. Onions and peanut butter. The smell alone. Too many meetings to have that kind of breath. Gosh. 

Tim Ribaric: That'd be worse than microwaving fish in the communal microwave or something.

Daniel Brett: Oh yeah. I know. That is for days alone 

Tim Ribaric: at home, there's a, there was a Fred Savage movie where he's a kid, I forget what it was called. Howie Mandel is also in it. In it. He eats peanut butter and onion sandwiches. Is that where you got that 

Daniel Brett: from? No. My mom just always liked it. So 

Tim Ribaric: interest.

Alicia Floyd: Interesting. That is interesting. How about you, Tim? We have your wedding, your marriage, and your children. Yep. 

Tim Ribaric: The most important, let me state that categorically. I think if I were to talk about some other things, more contemporary for me would be running a half marathon. Your body and mind go through a lot of fun stuff when you run a half marathon.

Parts of you think I'm gonna puke and die. Other parts of you think, oh, this, I could keep going with this. I think that accomplishing that last year was quite a bit, but to keep in the theme of life changing milestone to Attempt to count to, to gain points like Daniel did, cuz I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna come across as quite as sweetheart as Daniel based on his story.

When I completed my undergrad degree, I failed a bunch of classes. I was ready to drop out, my parents pushed me to stay in school. And when I eventually finished I thought, okay, now it's time to get serious. Much like Daniel's story, and then and then things started really turning around for me, which was good.

Not to say. In the dumps ahead of time. Before that, it's just nice to finish school thinking when you when you had the idea in your head that you probably weren't going to. So that would, that'll be my sentimental, sappy, non non goofy. Non-child and wedding milestone, I'll say. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay.

That sounds pretty good. And is that your weird one as well? I don't think that's weird, but Ugh. Yeah. Weird's a weird one. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, I don't, I wouldn't know what is weird that I do. I probably reading too much and then if I were to, oh, I don't know, finishing infinite Jest, which is a super long book that no one really reads.

I've finished reading that two years ago, so I don't. 

Alicia Floyd: You should try to do a worldwide poll and see how many people have read that book. Has that been done? 

Tim Ribaric: There you go. That's some good, that's some good research there. There you go. I don't know. I don't think I have. 

Alicia Floyd: Alright. So I have the same milestones.

My marriage was a pretty big milestone for me and the birth of my son obviously. And also a very unexciting yet big milestone for me was when I bought my. I think that of course that was a right, I had this little place on the earth and that's what I remember standing outside in my backyard with my husband and counting out our square footage and just like walking the perimeter and saying this is literally the piece of the planet that we own, but not really, but it feels like it at this moment.

So that was a big milestone. I know that people tell me I'm weird all of the time, but I can't think of a weird milestone. But I have another milestone that is, I guess it's one that maybe you guys don't know. Back in the early days when you, people still think they can be like rock stars and, think of course people can be rock stars, but not everybody can be a rockstar.

I thought I was gonna be this world famous writer. And I just, that's all I wanted to do was write. And I tried to, hit it big locally by doing some freelance writing. And I'll never forget the very first time that I saw my name published in a local magazine. And it's a weird situation because I wrote the article for the publication.

They commissioned me to write the article, did all the research, wrote the article, and then they never called me back. And then one day I was walking through the mall and I saw the magazine. And I opened it and there was my name. So even though it was super shady, the fact that I just saw my name in print was all that mattered at that moment.

So I never did get paid for it to this day. Oh, wow. But it started off a pretty good freelance career at that time. So I was a freelance writer on the side for probably about eight or nine years, and so that was a big milestone. 

Tim Ribaric: Is this shadow publication still around? You don't have to go into details, presumably cuz they're listening to this and might sue us if we cross a line.

So 

Alicia Floyd: it's true. The publication itself is not around, but the group that publishes it is around and is pretty prominent. Wow. Okay. Yeah, one day I might send another email and say, like about. 17 years ago, you 

Tim Ribaric: have some royalties I would imagine. Yes. That, that have accrued in 

Alicia Floyd: that time. Alright.

So since we are on the subject of milestones, I thought that we could talk about some workplace milestones that we're reaching right now. Something that stands out to you, something that feels like progress or that you're excited about. So who would like to talk about that first? Daniel's.

Rare to go. Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: This one's pretty. Easy for me in less than a month, I'll have been here for a year. That's exciting for me. Yeah, for sure. Just two days, less than a month right now. Than it'll have been a year since I started in this position at Brock. And that's very exciting.

Alicia Floyd: You should probably bring in cupcakes. 

Daniel Brett: I should bring in cupcakes for my one year. know, I feel like you guys should bring me 

Tim Ribaric: cupcakes, peanut butter and onion sandwiches for all. That's how we'll 

celebrate. 

Daniel Brett: Only if there's no meetings that day, except for the peanut butter and onion sandwich meeting.

Tim Ribaric: That's right. Awesome. So that's a whole day affair. 

Alicia Floyd: Yeah. Yeah. Do you have anything that feels like a milestone? The dsl Oh, 

Daniel Brett: us as a thing. This is going to be, tomorrow will be the third time I've run my intro to our workshop, and this is gonna be the time that I'm, I think I'm gonna be the most confident with it.

And it'll also be the biggest turnout. Yes. Theoretically the biggest turnout of any workshop 

Alicia Floyd: we've ever had. Yes. Just to brag for Daniel, since he's not, he's been quite humble. His intro to our workshop sold out. So we're very excited about that. Sold out. They're free tickets, but it's sold out.

Tim Ribaric: Not sold out. Kiss the band. Sold out, ran out. Yeah. Filled 

Daniel Brett: out room. The space. Yeah. Yeah. So this is, that is a big, this is probably going to be depending if everyone shows up our biggest turnout for any workshop. So that's a big, that's a big deal for me. Yes. 

Alicia Floyd: Personally.

Awesome. I can't wait to hear how it goes. How about you, Tim? It's 

Tim Ribaric: a difficult question because there's been lots of little things that have happened, but it's tough to come up with a single thing worth bragging about in this one particular instance. I think getting this position, this secondment in the first place would've been a milestone that I would've appreciated, but it's been so long since that happened now and so much has transpired, I suppose getting.

Our successfully applying for a grant in the spring will be my definitive milestone that I could talk about that we accomplished. So we put in a, I think the best way to describe it is that it's a perfect sort of prototype of how we hope to do work. We found a partner, came up with an idea, wrote up a request, sent it in successful, worked on the project, and now we're just on the tail end of it.

So I think. That whole thing was probably what I'll say is the most impressive milestone to me that we accomplished in the last little bit. 

Alicia Floyd: Yes, that was exciting. And I like how you said there's been lots of little milestones because I think our team tends to celebrate the small things when we accomplish them, which is.

The way to stay positive and keep moving forward, like how they put 

Daniel Brett: doors on the DSL 

Alicia Floyd: doors and then a week later there were door handles. So 

Daniel Brett: Oh, yes. The door handles is actually very exciting. 

Alicia Floyd: They're actually quite nice as well. Yeah, they're like a, except they're missing the 

Daniel Brett: top 

Alicia Floyd: bit. It's coming. It's on its way.

The knobs, 

Tim Ribaric: but not the locks. I, 

Alicia Floyd: yeah. For me, I feel like there have also been a. Milestones and a lot of them are ones that I'm looking forward to as well. But recently and actually just to go back to what Daniel said, sorry, I think that a milestone that's happening as we speak is that we've started this fall workshop series.

So we had a winter workshop series where we promoted it and pushed it, and we had some good attendance, but not the best. And so we now have this fall workshop. On the go and the spots are just filling up for all of the workshops. There's a workshop a week for the entire semester, and without really much advertising, students are signing up and people of the community are signing up.

So for me, that's exciting because it means people know we're here and they're looking for us, even though they're knocking on the door and there's no door and all that stuff. But so that's exciting. To me, but also we just finished hiring our student team, so this is a huge milestone for me because everything's becoming more real.

We've got eight students starting on Monday, and they're an amazing group of people. They're super ambitious and excited to get going. So you guys get to meet them all on Monday as well. Are you excited for this milestone? Yeah, 

Tim Ribaric: definitely. I. I've seen at arm's lengthy effort and time that this has taken from your life.

Yes. So I'm happy for you that it's gonna pan out next week and, you can put your feet up on your desk for a moment and think, oh, I accomplished this. But yeah, the next part is, making sure these eight students. Sell the digital scholarship lifestyle. We're 

Alicia Floyd: hoping very well. Yes. I feel like I'll put my feet up when their contracts are done and it's been successful.

Yeah. Next summer, give me until next summer and we'll have another podcast and we'll talk about how it went. 

Tim Ribaric: On our, how many hungry Dozens will that be? Four 40. Before before hungry. Dozens. Four. 

Daniel Brett: Hungry dozens. We stick to our every other week schedule. And there's what? Eight. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, so it would be what we get.

Oh geez. This is a lot of 

Alicia Floyd: math. This is a lot of pressure, and I just like how 400 doesn't sound. That'd 

Daniel Brett: be another 16 podcasts. Okay. 

Alicia Floyd: Approximately, yeah. So we're 

Daniel Brett: close to the fourth. Yeah we'd be, we getting three and a half hungry. Dozens, 

Tim Ribaric: three and 

Alicia Floyd: a half hungry. Dozens. So in three and a half hungry dozens.

We'll tell you all about everything that the students. So does anyone actually know why we use the term milestone? No. No. I don't think, I 

Daniel Brett: dunno. I may have 

Alicia Floyd: read the script. Yeah, they don't know. So let me tell you, please tell us, 

Tim Ribaric: Alicia, we don't know 

Alicia Floyd: what Thank you. A milestone is actually a stone that is set beside the road to mark the distance in miles to a particular.

Thinking, this is a little bit of an old fashioned definition, but I like it nonetheless. So to me it's just goal setting. With that said, let's discuss what milestones we hope to reach by 2020. Since this is our 20th episode, so what do we wanna do by 2020? Other than be open and let's keep in mind 2020.

Minutes away. 

Tim Ribaric: I was gonna say what part of 2020? Just the first exact day of 2020. 

Alicia Floyd: As soon as we come back from Christmas break. Okay. The 

Tim Ribaric: second January doesn't happen. That's gonna be happening. Time to the clock. Really? We've 

Alicia Floyd: got what, it's three months? No, it can be any time in 2020. It's all good.

We can be flexible. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. Oh boy. I don't know. Daniel, what do you think? 

Daniel Brett: I want the doors to open to our space. That's the easy one. I would hope the grand opening of the space of the digital scholarship lab where there's balloons and minor amounts of confetti and maybe a cupcake. That will all split.

Tim Ribaric: The confetti is not outta the question because students that get their acceptance packages, they're packaged with a little confetti. So maybe oh yeah, maybe they'll splash out some confetti for the opening. 

Daniel Brett: That stuff made a huge mess. When I got mine, I didn't know it was in there. 

Alicia Floyd: Oh, I thought it came in a little baggy.

No, so 

Daniel Brett: when I got mine, then I just opened it and I ripped the thing. By accident because you were so excited and I tore it in half and it just went all over and it was just a huge mess. And we were finding confetti 

Alicia Floyd: for weeks. Was anyone with you when you did that? No. No. It would've been great if it sound videos.

I got the mail 

Daniel Brett: all by myself. Ah. But it did make quite 

Alicia Floyd: a mess. Did you have some joy from the confetti? 

Daniel Brett: It was more panic because the dog, the dogs were really interested in the confetti and I had to just grab the dogs. Yeah. It was a thing. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh my. All right. So yeah, doors open by 2020, I think is a reasonable request.

I would hope it's a reasonable request. Framed in that way. But in terms of what I would like to see us accomplish in the next three and a half months, that's a tough. Really? Because there's a lot of things on course to happen. You know what would be great? Maybe it's if Trudeau was campaigning through Niagara and he swung by and he decided to meet us.

Alicia Floyd: Oh, remember the Trudeau incident on 2018 with the 

Daniel Brett: Beachwood? No. 

Tim Ribaric: We got which, which, 

Alicia Floyd: okay. So I wouldn't, they got bamboozled. There's a lot of insights. Okay. I'll tell you the, I'll tell everyone the Trudeau incident. So as everyone knows, I was not always a huge fan of social media like I am. And I was new to Twitter.

Oh, that one, or was it Twitter or was it Instagram? That was Instagram. Instagram. Instagram. Yeah. And I thought, and we got followed by Justin Trudeau, and it was right after he visited Brock. It was like the same night, if not the next day. And I thought he came by and he heard what we are and he thinks we're amazing and he's literally following us.

So we. I got everyone extremely excited and we even sent out a little message like Truo followed us and then I got a message from Markcom saying, hello, this is not the real Justin Trudeau. And it was so deflating, can't tell you. So if you're listening, which I know you're not, but it's somebody who can tell him to follow us.

That's what we want. That's a milestone we want for 2020. I was thinking 

Daniel Brett: you were talking about the donut story. This is much, much worse. Oh, this, thank you. Thank you very much. You're welcome. But yeah, we could get a nice photo off with Justin Trudeau. We've got a nice glass space. Yeah, for sure. We could draw his we could write 

Alicia Floyd: his name on the class calls.

I was gonna say we could do some kind of a data visualization that includes stats or like his poll numbers or, I don't know, just something 

Tim Ribaric: that might. That might not work out, that he might not be impressed with something like that's we could. 

Daniel Brett: That's true. Invite him in and get him to make a visualization with something that he 

Alicia Floyd: would be impressed by.

Politics is always tricky for 

Daniel Brett: sure. You know that data set you carry around in your pocket, Mr. Trudeau 

Tim Ribaric: write Honorable Mr. Trudeau. 

Daniel Brett: We'll let us visualize that for you on paper. 

Alicia Floyd: Yeah. Oh golly. Alright 

Tim Ribaric: let's see. I wanna, I want to come up with a nice, modest answer, but I want to come up with something that's a little bit fantastical so that it seems like we're reaching for it.

But we took 

Daniel Brett: every speech Trudeau ever made, put it into Voyant, and then did analysis on it, and then gave him a word cloud. 

Tim Ribaric: Here you go, sir. 

Daniel Brett: Here's a bunch of words. Stand in front of our visualization. Upon, which is a word cloud of every speech you've ever done. Notice how you use the word something a 

Alicia Floyd: lot.

They probably do that. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. I think my answer's gonna be something hokey. Like people will walk by the space in January and know what it is, as opposed to saying, why can't I study in there? Is that too nebulous an answer? No, that's 

Alicia Floyd: a. Okay. That's, it's where it's beyond being open. We're open and not only are we open, but people know what it is and aren't just popping their heads in.

They are coming in for a purpose. 

Tim Ribaric: I think our eight students will help get the word out cuz they'll have their friends they talk to, and I'm hoping that getting youngsters around us will help get the youngsters involved. Yeah. More 

Alicia Floyd: generally, we need to get them on our social media.

Yeah. That will be our first order of business and orientation day. I want to see, 

Daniel Brett: just like always have students doing something in the space, having a good time, like when we have our drop in with an expert sessions to have, there always be three or four students come in and asking intelligent questions and getting intelligent answers.

Alicia Floyd: That would be cool. Good answer. I want consistency. I would like to have the place open and office space where we're all in it for a year and comfortable, and it just lends well to working productively. So that goes without saying. But another thing I really look forward to is having student made examples for everything that we support so that it's not like we have to come up.

Examples of how you can use, say like you just said, Voyant, which is a text analysis tool for those of you who are interested or Power BI or Tableau or examples of how people are using Python or r and all done by students. So that's a milestone that I would like so that we can, can we have a copy of what you're doing or something like that to use.

Tim Ribaric: I. A little, I add a little bit of a chuckle to myself. When you said consistency in a university environment where everything is constantly changing, yet not going fast, it's a very ironic scenario to be in where you can't expect every day to be the same, yet you don't notice any changes, if that 

Alicia Floyd: makes sense.

Yeah. It's like it's not changing, but yet it's not consistent. It's this weird, 

Tim Ribaric: it's schroer's. Yeah. Consistency. Yeah, exactly. As soon as you attempt to observe it, it disappears, but otherwise it's not there. 

Alicia Floyd: But finding your footing in that environment. It's tricky, but yet we're doing a good job at it.

It's interesting. It's tricky, but head, I feel like we're successful with what we've got For sure. Alright, so thank you for this great conversation about milestones and thank you all for joining us on our 20th episode of Steering the Digital Scholarship. I'd like to be the one to officially announce that if and when we make it to 100 episodes, we'll be giving away a magnificent prize to one of our faithful listeners who can answer a skill testing question.

Wink, wink. So let's drop anchor here.

The DSL is a hustle and bustle, especially for a transient group such as ourselves. We have a number of workshops happening this fall. Too many dimension actually, which must be a milestone of some sort. I encourage you all to check them out on Eventbrite and experience bu our workshops are almost all free of charge and are open to anyone, even beginners.

Also, reach out to us at dsl@brocku.ca or through any one of our social media. So long for now.

