Ep23
===

Alicia Floyd: Hello and welcome to episode 23 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. I am Alicia. You're always on the move ship Captain. Don't move a muscle because this one is going to be a moving episode. For starters, I'm going to move over so we can have a chat with our movers and shakers in the room. Tim and Daniel.

Hello. 

Tim Ribaric: Move. 

Daniel Brett: Hello. 

Alicia Floyd: So it is officially December. Are either of you moving into holiday mode yet? Okay, so we started with some size. 

Daniel Brett: Unfortunately, no, not yet. No. 

Alicia Floyd: So Daniel just spent about 15 minutes telling us all the things he bought during Black Friday, but I guess none of that were, was. Gifts for me.

Gifts for yourself 

Daniel Brett: only. That was all my wedding gifts for 

Tim Ribaric: myself. You're supposed to pronounce it. Gifs, not gifts. Oh, 

Daniel Brett: don't even start that. That is a brentland, a meme and a half. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. For me holidays don't start until work stops, so I'm, I can't even think 

Alicia Floyd: about it until, so you have about two and a half weeks until you're in holiday 

Tim Ribaric: mode.

Then I'll start, then I'll start enjoying the season, but until then, it's still 

Alicia Floyd: slog. Okay. So do you, does anyone decorate before the ho the actual work holiday? Oh my goodness. You guys are not a very festive punch. 

Daniel Brett: We've got this little tree that the lizard likes to sleep under and it's remote controlled, and you can change the colors of the lights.

Okay. And one of the options is multicolored, which looks like a Christmas tree. So we've just been leaving it on 

Alicia Floyd: multicolored. I guess that counts. I can't judge because this year we are not having any decorations. We have a five month old puppy who. Destroying my house as we speak. He's eaten a lot of different things, so I decided not to add Christmas or holiday ornaments to to his diet right now.

So onto a much more serious question, if you don't mind, and please take this one very seriously. What is your best dance move? And let's talk about it. So when and where do you perform this move best? And when did you learn it and tell us everything about your dance. 

Tim Ribaric: Asking the wrong person. I sit quietly in the corner while all this kind of stuff goes on.

Daniel Brett: I do dance quite a bit, but only at home. Only at home and only with Lydia. Okay. 

Alicia Floyd: Is it like swing dancing or the waltz? No, 

Daniel Brett: usually it's just sorta, I don't know, holding hands and shimming in the kitchen. When one of the songs we like comes on the radio. Okay. I like it. Yeah.

That's about the extent. Of our dancing, but we get into it and it's a lot of fun. 

Alicia Floyd: I can't laugh at you because when I first met my husband and we first lived together, we had a fridge magnet that was a old-fashioned player piano. And when you press the keys, it would play a old fashioned song and we would do the exact same thing.

And we still do it, but the fridge magnet's broken. So now we have to make the noise of the song ourselves. Oh, yep. How Tim? No dancing. Nope. No dance moves. No. In case you haven't already guessed for my repetitive use of the word move today, we are talking about moving. Why you ask. Let's save that little tidbit for later.

Right now, I would like to hear what Tim and Daniel think about moving around, moving along, moving over, moving through, or moving up. I was hoping we could talk about a story that you have about a move that you made. So what was the move and maybe share the best, worst, and weirdest things about. 

Daniel Brett: Oh gosh.

By move do you mean moving houses? 

Alicia Floyd: Moving? Like I said, moving around, moving along, moving over, moving through, moving up, 

Tim Ribaric: Over a period of two years when I was a youngster, I moved seven times. Huh. When I say youngster, university student. Oh. So yeah. I jumped around through different, very short term things and.

By the end of it, I had it down to a science where my dad's minivan would come up and I'd put just enough stuff in the back of it to get myself to the next place. And and then I moved into the house that I have now afterwards and decided I'm never gonna move again, so I will be going out horizontally.

Alicia Floyd: So that's it. This one house. And you stay in there no more? Yep. No moss. How about you, Daniel? 

Daniel Brett: Let's see. My, my biggest move I've ever had was probably, So far moving in with my fiance now wife and getting a house and moving in, that was probably our biggest move in general.

And that was made up and resulted in a lot of little moves in all sorts of different ways cuz we were moving into adulthood, moving into a lot of responsibilities. And it really resulted in moving into maturity. Unfortunately, a lot of fun stuff had to fall away to make room for a responsibility, but it's fun in its own way and it's exciting and adulty.

Alicia Floyd: Adulty. Yeah, I think my biggest move is also Adulty, but it's not really moving locations of my home. I have moved a number of times, but they didn't, those moves didn't really stand out to me much, I would say moving careers. So I worked in one place for a very long time and a couple of years ago I moved here to Brock and it was a move I wanted to make and was excited about making nervous obviously.

But things came along with that move that I didn't expect. Like culture shock or, realizing how much is different. You think things are gonna be the same, but every single thing is different. So your entire life changes your rope to work. I can't tell you how many times I turned the wrong way down the street the first year.

Just meeting all new people. Even having a place to buy coffee. There was nowhere to buy coffee where I used to, where I used to work. So it felt like my entire life changed with my move here and it took probably a year or more to fully adjust. But it was great. It was definitely for the best. Do you guys have any sort of moves like that, that stand out to you that aren't moving?

Physical location, but maybe just a change? 

Tim Ribaric: Oh boy. I don't know. Let me think. What about you, Daniel? You have an. 

Daniel Brett: I think I don't wanna just jump onto the bandwagon, but moving into this position was a huge change for me because until this point, I'd only ever had very casual part-time jobs.

There was one that was. The before this, then I worked in another job that was a little bit more permanent and I got a taste of what it means to be a full-time employee. But aside from that, it was all just part-time, no very low responsibility. Pick this up, move it over there, put it back down, and that's all you're good for.

And then moving into this position where there's responsibility and less oversight, but. Expected. I really feel like it, it changed who I am as a person. I've started dressing differently. I started act differently. Lydia my wife, she noticed all these changes and she tells me about it all the time.

All positive, of course. And I feel like that was the turning point into adulthood. Was it getting a job that required you to be an adult? And I really enjoy it and I'm really embracing this change, 

Alicia Floyd: this move. I think that's one of the things we've talked about a lot of times during our podcast is just to get that message across to anyone in the community or brought community that sometimes taking that jump to explore something new or try something different might be difficult, not to be scared to go for it, and then you usually end up learning something new.

So that's one of the things that we push with the digital scholarship lab is to try to learn these new things and try doing things in a different way and then you might grow as a person and like those results. So it's a good parallel. How about you, Tim? Oh 

Tim Ribaric: boy. I still don't have an answer.

Okay. Because I'm a, I'm old man. I've been stuck in this, stuck, I've been working here at 

Alicia Floyd: Brock for, lucky enough to work a 

Tim Ribaric: decade and a half now, so I'll, yeah I'm set in my ways, so I haven't moved since I became a crunchy old man, so That's 

Alicia Floyd: okay. That's a fine answer. Tim is rock solid, not moving homes, not moving, jobs not moving.

Good to know. Thank you for sharing your experiences about being on the move or not moving, refusing to move. But we do have to get a move on and start talking about Brock Library's very own changes to move with the Times. Coming up next week, the library is moving to a new academic search tool called Omni.

This move is one that has been in the works for quite some time now, and I know that a ton of work has gone into its. Tim, would you be willing to tell our listeners a little bit more about Omni and all the mountains that were moved to make this amazing change happen? 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, golly. Mountains moved. I think it's more petry we needed to break through is the answer.

But effectively, Omni is 14 different universities in Ontario went all in together to make a library platform that every school can participate and use in, and it was Omni. However, it is a product by the x leapers company called Alma. Anyone who works in a library of a certain size will recognize those two names.

Yeah, so it's shared library services platform, which does all of the stuff a library needs to do. So Presenting material, checking material out, searching for resources to write your papers and do your homework and stuff. So it's very interesting because 14 different schools have 14 different aspects and outlooks on what they want in their platform.

So a lot of the work is just coming to grips with. A consistent policy across all those institutions, which would involve, how long books need to be checked out for, and how much fines cost, and how long the way the materials cataloged in the first place. You wouldn't think it because, okay, stop me if I'm getting too deep in a librarianship here.

But there are rules about how you catalog a book and they're referred to as the aac R two the Anglo-American, Anglo-American Cataloging rules. See, I still remember my education. So this is a super huge book. In fact, I think it's five or six books all put together that talk about how you would catalog a book, right?

So say for instance, You're cataloging a copy of Harry Potter. Daniel, you're familiar with this book, right? A hundred percent. So five copies of the first book alone. So that first book is probably one of many millions, right? Would you say at least that other people have? Sure. A library would put that in their collection, right?

So that people would. That it's there so people can come and get it. But the thing is, every library would individually write a record for that Harry Potter book. And then as soon as you get more than five schools putting together, or five libraries putting together one record, you suddenly notice they're all different.

They should all be the same because they're following a set of rules all describing the same book. So amplify that across hundreds of thousands of titles across a few dozen libraries, and you get vastly different. Descriptions of the same material, even though everyone's following the same rules. So as a exercise, I encourage the two of you and the listeners out there to, to really prove that I'm correct or making a point here, not just being crusty old man.

Look up the catalog records for Harry Potter at different libraries in your community, and you'll find that each one describes it differently. Why they're all the same book. Take that parable and then explode it into a service for 14 different universities, all with different rules following the same set of standardized rules.

So that is a big to-do to get everyone in line. So with luck next Tuesday, the sucker goes live and everyone will now use a system that we're all in with that is going to follow one single set of rules, which will be supremely great for us as information professionals, but almost totally seamless and unregarded by our end users.

So that's my honest summary of Omni. How, however, crusty and curmudgeon that may come across, that 

Daniel Brett: was really good. I didn't even working here and attending information sessions about Omni, I didn't really grasp the scope of it. Until that description. That was very good. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. That's if you can imagine, People, how many people are at our institution.

So we have I think maybe 50 library staff approximately at where a moderately sized school look at someplace like university of Toronto is not involved in this project, but if, even if you go to Ryerson, which is a school a little bit bigger than us, has a larger. Library compliment, I would easily guess maybe 200 people.

And then go by 14 different schools. You're easily looking at over a thousand, maybe a few thousand people that we're representing here, each with their own ID on how these things should look. So getting everyone in line is is the trickiest part. The company, the software itself is easy to do because they've done it a million times with other.

Creating a new platform from an old platform, but getting everyone on the same page, moving them together. I did. Beautiful 

Daniel Brett: work, 

Alicia Floyd: great tie, definitely a massive project for sure. And I can attest to the different not following the standards or following the standards, but all of the catalog records being different.

I have experience with cataloging here at Brock and. One of the things that I would do is create the derived records, which is basically trying to find a record that's already been created by someone else and bringing it into our own system using a tool and. It would, was always amazing to me. I could pull up, 50 different catalog records for one book and they were, there were none that were the same.

So I'd have to, and then you could make your own by copying and pasting and making your own beautiful record the way you wanted it. So I think that this is gonna provide some great consistency, but it's also going to offer so much to our users. Everybody who's in this consortium project will. Sharing the resources as well.

And I think the loan periods are longer, so you could borrow something from many of these other schools and keep the books for longer. There's a lot of benefits. Have you had any opportunity, Daniel, to take a look at the backend of Alma or there were some workshops going? 

Daniel Brett: Yes. I attended one workshop just to the search functions and how you can save searched queries.

The thing that was the most interesting to me was that you can search. A topic, you type in a search, and then you can save that search. And then anytime a new object is added to the database that matches that search, you can get a notification about it. So that's great if you search for Harry Potter and you save that.

Then whenever a new book relating to Harry Potter is added to the system anywhere, like at any of these 14 schools, you'll get a, an email that says, Hey, a new book was added that relates to your topic that you're watching. That's a cool function for sure. And I thought, That bit alone blew my mind, and I'm sure that was around before in some way, shape, or form, but yeah, it's like a Google alerts except for books in a library. It's pretty cool. 

Alicia Floyd: So you're signing up for that? 

Daniel Brett: I'm definitely gonna set up a few alerts, that's for sure. 

Alicia Floyd: Excellent. Thank you for that description. Both of you as our faithful listeners are already aware due to construction delays, the administration have kept on moving the goalposts for this big opening of the new Rankin Family Pavilion, aka rfp, which includes the dsl, but also the maker space and some other amazing new services.

All going under one title, which we've mentioned before, is going to be called Brock Link. With that said, last week, we had some pretty exciting news around. Makerspace is moving from their current location to their new space in the RFP right now as we speak. They're moving carts of their amazing stuff over there.

So what does this move forward in progress for our future neighbors mean to both of you? It's 

Daniel Brett: very exciting. I cannot wait for them to get up in the new space because there's a whole bunch of technology that they weren't able. Use in their old space due to ventilation and space restraint or constraints rather.

Specifically a resin 3D printer, which I really want to submit a few print jobs to, just for personal reasons. But that one in particular, they needed a ventilated room that had a special degree of ventilation to it. So they've got their special ventilated cube over there which is really cool.

And then they've got all sorts of. Tools and they're gonna be able to support a bunch more workshops that I will definitely be attending. So I'm just excited for them to open for personal reasons. And then on a collaborative side I really look forward to working on projects together once they have their full space and their full capabilities.

They were useful for us before, not that I think of them as something to be used but they're going to just be expand. What they can do, which will allow us to have even more in-depth collaborations with them. So I'm very excited 

Alicia Floyd: for practice. So for our listeners who are not in the room, Daniel is actually jumping out of his chair with excitement here.

He's over the top 

Daniel Brett: just gesturing wildly. It's not 

Alicia Floyd: jumping. How about you, Tim? 

Tim Ribaric: I'll take an example from this morning. I met with a professor along with Tabitha, the, our colleague in the maker space about applying for a grant for some stuff for next year upcoming. And having that space open meant that we can actually apply for this grant.

A grant is like a birthday wish. You can't talk about it too much ahead of time, so I'm. Not at liberty to discuss more information. Hopefully it'll pan out. But it's good that we had the ability to sit and talk because we actually had space and things to move. So it's I'm sure you've heard this this before or this.

Ta term before the hurry up and wait. So it's felt like it's been a lot of hurry up and wait, but now this stuff doesn't need to wait anymore. We can just hurry up. So that's really good. And yeah. To Daniel's point, material's been sitting in there for a year and a half in boxes. And it's really nice that it's finally seeing the lighted day.

Cuz that's a long time for something to sit in a box. Before it's ready to be 

Alicia Floyd: used. Yeah, some, definitely some positive progress, for sure. So the makerspace move is a gl. Oh, you didn't answer 

Tim Ribaric: the question too. 

Alicia Floyd: Oh. Oh. How do I feel? I'm just as excited as you guys. I've been trying to get a sneak peek.

I went by today to try to take some photographs of the move and the new space, and the blinds are pulled and the door is locked. So I peeked in, but I couldn't get a picture. But, I do think that this is a great step forward. It looks to me like we're getting closer to opening the new space, and I hope that means that there's a lot of other new spaces that will be opening as well.

Cough cough. Which moves me on to the idea that there's. So much work that goes into opening new spaces, building new spaces, even just our own space, the digital scholarship lab. And we have an office move coming up as well where Daniel and I will actually be moving into an office with the Makerspace folks as soon as they're officially moved out of their old space.

So there's a lot going on. So I thought we could talk about some of the things that have to happen to make all of this run smoothly. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, 

Alicia Floyd: golly. We could start with what has to happen for us to open the doors of the digital scholarship lab. 

Tim Ribaric: There's a 

Daniel Brett: checklist that needs to be resolved of things that are yet to be completed.

But aside from that checklist, just us personally, what we need to do. Not much. We've been ready for a while. We expected the space to be. A year ago. So we were ready for it to open a year ago. We've just been updating everything that that we originally laid out with all of our new and current projects just to keep it all ready to go and nice and fresh and exciting and yeah.

I feel like we're pretty much ready once, once we get the go ahead to just walk into that space and blow everyone. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, I think I agree with Daniel 100% and we're in some ways having the space is gonna be extra work for us. We have all our bits and pieces and the services and skills we have working are already being developed without the space.

So yeah, it'll, I think just be a natural extension and when we finally flop ourself in there and. It won't feel like anything new. It'll just feel like a continuation. There'll be more vitamin D for all of us, that's for certain. Oh, so 

Daniel Brett: much sunlight. Can't wait 

Tim Ribaric: because there's windows and such, and you can see what's going on outside.

What are these windows you speak of? Yeah. For most of us, two of two thirds of us, I should say our offices are in spots that don't have access to. Light of any kind. So you can't tell what time of day it is, what the weather's it's very disorienting. So it's gonna be nice to be in a spot where you can tell it's actually the afternoon by looking around, as opposed to, I always thought I would buy a 24 hour watch.

So that I could look at it and see if it's a six o'clock. I know that means it's six in the morning because sometimes in my office I get so disoriented if I look at something and it's at, 10, I wouldn't know if it was morning or night, so I would need a 

Alicia Floyd: 24 hour lunch. This is a problem. This is why you need to move offices.

Tim Ribaric: But in any case, yeah, 10, it's, yeah, I think, Alicia, what's your response to that? I think Daniel and I have given our hopeful, 

Alicia Floyd: Interpretations of it. I'm pretty optimistic. I think there's gonna be, like you said, we have a lot of our ducks in a row already, but I just, I'm excited to see what happens when the doors open, what people come in and what ideas are brought to us and just the collaborations that start happening.

I'm excited to just see people using the space and the computers and having things to showcase. So right now we're really working hard. Recognized or to get people aware that we exist. And it's hard because you're trying to say you exist, but really do you, if you don't have a space, oof, it's that hole of a tree falls in the forest thing, I think.

But I think having the space is just that last step that we need to just have everything come full circle and then just to start moving forward with being successful and the maker space moving into me. A huge milestone. I know that they've been waiting for a really long time and been planning for a really long time, and of course us moving our offices to be working with them will hopefully generate some collaborations in that way.

We've already been in talks with, coming up with some ideas with them, so I think that only progress will happen as soon as these moves. So thank you for discussing that. I think it's been a great discussion about moving and shaking. And to be quite honest, it has tired me out. So let's drop anchor here.

The Digital Scholarship Lab has wrapped up its full workshop series, but don't worry, a winter workshop series is in the works. There are, however, two learning opportunities coming up in the new year that you may be interested in on February 4th at 4:15 PM in the Rankin Family Pavilion. Room two 14, the Brock Library Data librarian, Heather Whipple, will be presenting an introduction to data management plans for graduate.

This workshop will explain the intent and purpose of data management plans and introduce an interactive D M P tool designed to facilitate making and editing these live documents. Also on February 19th and 20th, also in our RFP room two 15. Two 14, my apologies. We are running a two day data carpentry workshop that teaches the fundamental data skills needed to conduct research.

For more information on all of our events, please visit Eventbrite and experience bu, and don't forget to reach out to us for questions, comments, project ideas, or just to tell us how you might be moving towards methods of Digital scholarship at dsl@brocku.ca, or through any one of our many social media.

Until next time.

