Ep25
===

Tim Ribaric: Hello and welcome to episode 25. I say with a question mark on my face. Is that correct? Correct. Yep. All right. 4 2 5 quarter century. Amazing. Welcome to our newest episode, and this will be our first episode. The year 2020, which is great. Once again, we find ourself in the Makerspace audio studio.

So big thanks to Tabitha for putting this all together. And if you could describe in a sentence what this room is like, Alicia, how would you do that 

Alicia Floyd: in a sentence? It is modern, unique, and ready for 

Tim Ribaric: activity. It's a very nice description. Yeah. The the gear in front of us is a lot. , I feel almost a touch more pressure to perform a good podcast now because we're using equipment and a setup that's so much more professional.

It makes me feel more professional. What do you think, Daniel? Do you feel more professional? 

Daniel Brett: I always feel professional, but it definitely maintains my level of professionality that I like in my. . 

Tim Ribaric: Excellent. Just so everyone knows at home, Daniel is wearing his blazer. He wore a blazer yesterday day before that, and the day before that.

I think every day he's had that on or a different one. There's more than one, right? Yeah, but I don't wear them on the weekends. There you go, but you don't need to be professional on the weekend anyways. No, I wear pajamas on 

Daniel Brett: the. Excellent 

Tim Ribaric: professional pajamas. So if listeners will probably discover that I'm joined once again by Alicia and Daniel.

The regular crew is here today for episode 25, and as is our way the new year has started and we are thrown back in to a quicker pace of. back in the end of December, we had just chilling out. Not a lot of people going on and we were anticipating what's gonna happen in January and we were talking about, oh yeah, January, we get the space, we can do all sorts of stuff and surprise, it's January and we have the space.

So fun times ahead. But before we go into that just wanna ask, how did the holidays go for the two of you?

Excellent. Oh, . . 

Alicia Floyd: I thought that was leading into a sentence, but Nope. It went well. 

Daniel Brett: Not everything's a 

Tim Ribaric: story. Yeah. You know what? I don't even think I could talk about the holidays. They've been so long ago. I think I've forgotten everything that happened besides like sleeping in and eating chips, really, 

Alicia Floyd: and wearing your stretchy pants.

That's 

Tim Ribaric: of course goes without saying . . 

Alicia Floyd: My holiday was great. It was very busy, and I had to compete with cooking a Turkey dinner and a brand new dog at the same time. So it was so tiring that I'm happy to be back to 

Daniel Brett: work as long as you didn't cook the dog and take care of a Turkey dinner.

That's what I did wrong, . 

Tim Ribaric: That's funny. That's all leads me to my original question about we get to use the space in January. So without further ado, let's take a look at how we're using the space in January.

So what are we using the space for? 

Alicia Floyd: We've been using the space for some meetings, which is great. There's different departments and working groups that are reaching out to use the space. So it's nice to see people interested. And we have our first, I believe, official workshop happening tomorrow in this space.

And we also started hosting. , once again, I have a hard time saying it without a snarl. R 

Daniel Brett: R. Like you got stomped on 

Alicia Floyd: your foot. Yeah. Yes. A hoc, our group Help Coding Club is hosting their meetings every other Monday, which is also great to see everybody working hard at. There are skills , 

Tim Ribaric: I want the listener at home to realize that we are running these events in the space isn't technically completed either.

So we're, we are mitigating challenges. All we will say politely and the best way we know there's some equipment that still needs to be installed into the space, some finishes that need to be completed, but we're still in there. The biggest challenge, and I don't know, I'm gonna say it's the biggest challenge you two can offer up different answers, is we can't get in the.

That's a bit tricky for us cuz the proximity car detector isn't activated yet and I have the only key that opens the door. So I'm effectively the concierge to the space and a doorman that lets people in and out. And we're looking forward to that being fixed. It's such a simple fix and it will like, improve our life tremendously, I would say.

What do you two think? Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: The door is bothersome. It's also bother. Our staff terminal has no internet 

Tim Ribaric: that yep, there's that. 

Alicia Floyd: There is that. I will say though, with all of these hurdles, each time we, move past one of the hurdles, it's great joy. Every day I walk by the DSL and tap my card just to see the red light, but one day it's gonna be green and it's gonna bring a lot of joy.

the hurdles. Make your accomplishments better. 

Daniel Brett: Because we've been waiting so long, it's been over a year for most, or for all of us that we've been waiting and seeing this space from literally bear boards to the beautiful space it is now. And we've been waiting to get in, waiting to get in that now every one of these is a year's worth of.

Potential joy . Every time a little thing gets solved, we're like, yes, one step closer. And it feels that much more satisfying because it's been so 

Tim Ribaric: long. Yeah I definitely agree with both of those comments. I think this is like in the movie of the dsl, right? So it'll get split up into a few acts.

We've finished the first act, which was like the, we gotta build this space. And now it's like the team comes together, the plucky team of optimistic. Do gooders faces adversity, and that adversity needs to be overcome. and that's like the next barrier. So once we overcome that adversity, it'll be great because then what's our adversity in this scenario?

Getting in the door is my, is one of 

Daniel Brett: them. That's the enemy to be defeated. That's right. Yeah. This is an anime that we'd be charging a, an attack for what, two months before the . Sure. We finally break down that door, 

Tim Ribaric: literally. So the last scene of the movie will be us all reminiscing about the successful something or other of the dsl, and then there'll be a post credit scene.

I don't know. Some evil villain says they're gonna change the DSL into something else. , 

Daniel Brett: it's gonna become the gift shop. 

Tim Ribaric: There you go. At the Brock University gift shop right up front. It'll be great. . Any case, I think I'm getting a little happy, happily anxious. Is that a word? I'll use it as a word anyways to get these sort of last things.

Here's a, here's the thing. I'll offer that you two tell me your comments on it. Like it's nice to just roll out in little dribs and drabs because it's that it didn't mean we needed to go full bore or to 100%. We put things out as we could and then got them up and running. And that doesn't put us in a position where we slam and everything happens all at once.

So I'm happy and I think that's a benefit. What do you two. . 

Alicia Floyd: Yeah, for sure. It gave us the time that we needed. Like I said before, we were starting with a blank slate and we had to build and create everything that we're doing. So you can't, we might not have been able to do what we've done if we had to be in the space and, entertaining the people who are coming in.

So I think we have more to offer now because of it. 

Daniel Brett: Thank you. I definitely feel like we had so much time, which allowed us. get into deeper projects that require that amount of time. And I'm definitely feeling it a little bit now, , now that we're tentatively open, the having less time to, to finish things is it makes me appreciate what we had so much 

Tim Ribaric: more.

Yeah. It's a good old hurry up and wait situation. Or it used to be hurry up and wait to be. . Now it's all, now it's just hurry 

Daniel Brett: up. That's right, because you don't have time anymore. . 

Tim Ribaric: That's the Gogo Life of Digital Scholarship. Oh, 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. We're busy folk. . 

Tim Ribaric: All right. Thank you for that digression.

And if you're a listener on Brock Campus, please come on by the space and have a look. A grand opening ceremony is still slated to be set consider it if you do stop. and just tell 'em that the podcast sent you and we'll get you the A one tour of the space. So thank you for that.

Now let's pivot into the main topical conversation for today's episode.

So I wanted to take a moment today to talk about what we've been doing with our students. Now, the two of you'll have to remind me, what have we mentioned about students on the podcast before you mentioned that we have. . That's been the extent of it. So at least that's not a surprise to people. I think 

Alicia Floyd: that's all we've mentioned.

Yeah, 

Tim Ribaric: We 

Daniel Brett: have a number of students that work in the space. They're extremely intelligent and they've impressed us at every turn up to this point. And I imagine they will continue to do 

Tim Ribaric: i, definitely agree with you, Daniel. I felt the same to. Fair or honest? One of the two. I had zero expectations and I would just adjust accordingly once the, once they showed up.

But for the, they show a level of conscientiousness and skill and aptitude, and they picked up all the things we've asked for them to do pretty wholeheartedly without, I, I was worried we would overwork them, but it seems like that's not the case. What would you say, Alicia? 

Alicia Floyd: No, I don't think that they're overworked and I think.

One of the greatest things that's happening is that they're being given the time and a and space to use their own creativity. And what I love is how, is just being on the outskirts of their conversation. So a lot of our students work at the same time and a lot our scheduled at different times, but I noticed that.

They're all coming together. So even if they're not scheduled, they're meeting up in one of our spaces, the MAP library or the dsl, and they're having conversations about the possibilities of the projects that they can do and the tools that they can work with. And it's great just listening to all of their ideas and how enthusiastic they are about everything that they're working on.

So it's been great to. , I find it inspiring actually, is watching them work. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah be before we keep going, I think a few words about the logistics of the students and now, so if some of our colleagues from other digital scholarship labs are trying to find out, we'll get to the part where you talk about what they're doing and how you hired them and everything.

I'll attempt to brief chronology and you two can interrupt me when I'm missing a point or I gloss over something that's important. Way back in the. fall of 2019, we were told that the space was more or less gonna open in December and. Working backwards from that date. We came up with a time of about October to get the students started, so not quite at the start of the school year, but at least a little bit into the semester.

So we had a little bit of a landing pad for them before we got going in December. So we can comment more on this. We hired a Cracker jack crew of close to. What was it? Nine total? 10 total. Eight. Eight. . Rounding up generously. It gets you to 10. Okay. And then right off the bat, we spent a lot of time training them letting them know or introducing them to tools we thought were important and giving them actual workshops and tutorials to go through that somewhere, hours, somewhere in hours.

And if I remember correctly they zipped through. Pretty quickly, didn't they? Yeah. Yeah. It 

Daniel Brett: took maybe two, three weeks for I, the slowest of them, even though I expected it to take two months. So even those who took the full three weeks were way ahead of what we expected. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. I, yeah, I felt the same.

I thought, okay this'll be something to chew on for a while now. But they bopped through it really fast, so I, and. , I asked. The next step in all of this is we, part of the training was introduction to these tools. So they spoke the digital scholarship or how we describe it as part of their vocabulary.

And then we wanted to. and part upon them the idea of like customer service and being cordial and smiling and bringing a good attitude to the job because we thought within weeks they'd be sitting at a desk in the space welcoming visitors and telling them amenities and stuff. But, forces as they are that didn't happen, which is just as well because that left our students able to spend more time doing what we called the project.

Now, the. The project. We need a more clever name. We do need a fancy name. Yeah. Okay. . . And even this came, so it's not Okay. one step back. So we did have these students, we trained them on these different platforms, but as part of the orientation, when we brought them on board, we had this idea for a project.

And it's not like we were like looking for something to do. This was premeditated and on purpose. Okay? So everyone listening knows that we worked hard on this at a time. So we had known that we'd had these students, they would be developing skills and we wanted to. , much like we do develop a corpus of knowledge and produce that turn it into a series of instructional things that our users could leverage or take and modify themselves and stuff instead of just having a school year go by and they just, I'm a digital scholarship lab student and nothing else to show for it.

So here was, without further ado, I'm full of ado, but without further. , the five step project we envisioned where it would go like this. First step was orientation, which I've alluded to. We everyone gets a piece at different technologies learns them, goofs around with them.

Step two is what we refer to as specialization. So I guess another part of the logistic. of this whole shebang was that some of our students work in the map library, some work in the digital scholarship lab, some in both. And there's a lot of cross pollination and mixture back and forth. So we didn't want all eight of our students to wanna do something to do with GIS and mapping.

We wanted to make sure computation, digital humanities was all represented. So we were hoping things would fall out. Step three was to develop capacity, which is the learn learn stuff. And I think that worked pretty well because for the most part you two can add in some points that was an unsupervised process, right?

They just took it under their own recognizance to, to develop stuff, build their skills, and pursue things that were of interest to them. Is that fair to say? Yeah. It was mostly 

Daniel Brett: just like a weekly check-in. And anytime you finish a tutorial, shoot us an email to let us know that you. . But yeah, it wasn't a monitored process in any respect.

Alicia Floyd: What I liked about what they did as they went through the process of going through our in-house tutorials was that they became interested in some specific areas, and quite a number of the students ended up doing more research and learning a little bit more, quite a bit more on some of the, and then asked for different types of tutorials that were available from different sources.

So that was really great to see as well. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, I was particularly pleased with it all as well. Next step, step four or five, which just officially occurred on Monday, but, was to create a digital project, or actually no, they've been working on that for quite some time. Monday was like the day we asked for them to have a tentative timeline or tentative project put together.

And of course, through my favorite method I'll posted on a GitHub project page. And we've had a chance to take a look at some of the stuff the students have come up with, but I don't want to get too far ahead of myself. So that was step four. Step four is going really fun. And then step five is presentation.

What can you allude to with the step five presentation? . 

Alicia Floyd: So the step five presentation is to serve multiple purposes. Firstly, we wanted to give the students an opportunity to showcase the work that they have done. They're spending two semesters on this project and it's a lot of work.

So we wanna give them the opportunity to share it with others. And also we want to draw attention to the types of things that you can do using the tools in a digital scholarship lab. So we decided on having something like a research cafe, a research showcase that's gonna happen in the Digital Scholarship lab in March.

And we're actually partnering. The makerspace as well. So some of their students are working on a similar type of project just using Maker Makerspace resources. And so that's what we're gonna do in March. And they're going to each have different formats of presentation and they'll be scheduled throughout the day.

And we're hoping that lots of people and faculty and students come by to see what they've been working on. 

Tim Ribaric: That's great. You said it perfectly. I think it'll be a good showcase where, , get some coffee and cookies too, if we can swing it. Ooh, wee. Oh, 

Alicia Floyd: there's gonna be cookies. Nice. I'll make them if I have, ah, , 

Tim Ribaric: ooh, dedication right there.

Better bring cookies, , high level cookies. So that's the scenario. And that's I guess the chronology and history of our student employees now up to the present point. So we've, alright, Daniel, I'll ask you a question. When it turn, when it comes to project work, there's two. Or ideas, birthing ideas, being creative, or we're putting together research.

One is the I don't tell anybody, therefore it'll happen because I need to make it happen. Or on the opposite of spectrum of that is I need to tell someone about it so that it keeps me honest so that I actually do the thing that I'm thinking about. Where would you lie on that? . I see this is a new quite for those at home.

Daniel's making the De Niro face cuz it's a curve ball I've just thrown in his direction. 

Daniel Brett: I don't know. I like to think I'm pretty self-driven. I think it depends on the project I'm working on. If it's something I'm terribly excited about, then I like to surprise. It's done. Here it is. Take a look.

If it's something that is more tedious to me or less interesting to me, then I imagine it is harder to keep yourself going on it. But I guess I that's a tough one. Probably more just the, keep it to myself. then here it is, it's done type person. Although I do keep lists that tell me what to do, so I don't know if that 

Tim Ribaric: counts.

We can have a whole episode about productivity systems and I think I twisted Daniel's arm into the list method cuz that's what I do myself as well. Lots and lots of lists and things become easy when it's just a list you need to. . And now, Alicia, same question. Where do you fall on the, do I keep it to myself or do I tell others about it?

I think 

Alicia Floyd: I'm right down the middle. I tend to keep things to myself if they're highly creative because I need my own brain space to think about what I'm trying to create and. . Typically though I really appreciate feedback. So even if it's something I've kept to myself, I'll look for feedback in the end, even if it's something like today I shared a webpage that I created with you, Tim, just to get your feedback on how you think it looks.

Although I really do the collaborative environment as well, so if it's something really new that. we're developing or that I have never done before. I always appreciate having time to talk to others and get other ideas and brainstorm and work together. So I'm right down the middle 

Tim Ribaric: on that one.

Let's see, I have a, yeah, I have a similar compulsion where it's, it depends on what it is, and then it's either or. So like when I'm writing something that's gonna be published, and that's research based writing. I don't do any creative writing or sort of news reporting kind of stuff, but that I like to keep really close to the chest because if something doesn't get published or panned out, you don't have to explain to anyone why it didn't happen.

But anything that's a little bit more offbeat than that, I always wanna make sure I talk about it enough that someone will keep me honest with it. I have. . I think I have, actually, this is self-determination here, but I think I have lots of ideas for stuff, and I always like to prioritize ideas that come into my head and always think that this was a great idea and this idea is better than the other idea for about a day and before the other idea gets popular again.

So I, I say stuff out loud and tell people about these things just so that I actually go through with them because I've got all this, I have too much, too many ideas and not enough time to do them all. So the reason why I ask the question is for our students involved in their project work. I don't know how they would answer this question.

Perhaps they wouldn't wanna be put on the spot. Perhaps they would love to talk about where they are so far, but we're gonna split the difference in any kind of discussion we have today is not gonna mention anyone specifically or anything they're doing specifically we'll. , get down the middle of the road and see if we can have a, at least a bit of a chit chat about the project work that we are seeing that's gonna happen.

How does that sound? Sounds great. Perfect. So I'm particularly happy that we're looking into a platform called Collection Builder and Collection. goes, oh, I can't speak to the history of Collection Builder. While I'm rambling on here I'm just gonna take a look at my co-stars and say, after I'm done talking about what I'm looking forward to, I'll ask you the same question so you can prepare your answer right now.

Oh. I am particularly happy that we're investigating Collection builder. Collection Builder Is this, I hope, fairly usable tool that will. Allow you to make a static webpage or exhibit with metadata and some image files. So you effectively combine those two things, run a magical script, and then it outputs a standalone webpage that you can put anywhere.

And once again, you can put it in my favorite spot on GitHub. My favorite spot, GitHub. And it functions as a standalone site. So this is really great if you're trying to communi. Some researcher has a particular corpus or a collection of information about items and they want to do something with that in terms of a website.

So where there's options like we've talked about before, Omika takes a lot of backend support. You need to have an infrastructure database and php and so Sometimes it's outside of the capabilities of someone who's just a, has a passing interest in this collection.

Builder does all those things all at once and allows you to take that spreadsheet and magically poof. What was the Cinderella's Fairy godmother? What did she always used to say? Bi baity Boo. That's the one. Thank you. Daniel . So you can into a website. And I'm particularly impressed that we're gonna investigate and kick the tires on this thing.

Cause I. A few use cases already in mind. I think that we can get some really good collaborations going with it. So I'm pretty pleased with that. I'm looking forward to that. So I've been vamping as much as I can over here and I'm gonna pass it over. Who would like to answer next? What are they looking forward to amongst the projects?

You 

Daniel Brett: took the one I was gonna take, so I'll take the one that I assumed you were gonna talk about, , which is TensorFlow and neural. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: So I'm excited because we looked at TensorFlow way back as something that would be interesting and then it seemed like it was a bit too high level for us to do at the time, cuz we were focusing on all foundational workshops and foundation type, foundation building for all our learners that come into the space, all the researchers.

But now that we've got that foundation pretty solid solidified. We've started expanding out to more complex topics and we have a student looking at TensorFlow for doing a neural network and specifically the application of data validation for large data sets. So I'm really excited to see what they do with TensorFlow so that once they're done with it, I can look at tensor flow, using what they've the groundwork that they lay and then maybe do a little bit more built off of.

So I'm excited to see, hopefully they dumb it down enough for me to grasp it.

Tim Ribaric: I, yeah. You know what TensorFlow is my second choice. I'm enamored with machine learning at the moment. So I hope it's, I hope it's not a flight of fancy, that we actually have some future with that in some way. Who knows in what? I was sure you were gonna pick this one yeah, I know, but the collection 

Daniel Brett: we're already to talk about collection Builder.

I, oh 

Tim Ribaric: geez. I was there any points that I missed that you wanna bring up about 

Daniel Brett: it? Just how clean it is compared to some of the Omeka stuff that we've been doing. Like in our defense, Omeka, we're using Omeka s where it's the brand new system, they're still updating it. There's a lot of features that are still being reported over from Occa Classic.

So it, it's not fully. Collection builder is basically a watered down omeka in terms of building an exhibit very quickly. It's metadata richness would be maybe like a five where omes is like a nine or 10 in terms of like how detailed the metadata is. But it's still very rich metadata that is produced by this, and I'm really excited about it, especially once we have a clean step by step on how to do it.

It'll be a really valuable tool that I think a lot of people are going to get a lot of use out of 

Tim Ribaric: around. . Cool. So I've delayed it as long as possible, Alicia, and now it's your turn to answer the question. 

Alicia Floyd: The only reason this question is so difficult for me is because firstly, I didn't expect you to ask, what are you most excited about?

And I think our backgrounds, once again, will become evident by my answer is that I don't think I'm most excited about the tool that they're talking about. I'm most excited about the content. and I have to be honest, I think all of our students have some pretty amazing ideas in the subject matter. And one thing that I'm, you may have mentioned earlier, but I'll just re reiterate, is, our students come from a lot of different programs, so we didn't just hire computer science people, we did hire some students that are in the computer science program, but we, like you said, have GE.

Students, there's a student from a classics department. They're all across the board. And what I love about that is that they're bringing something different in their own interests into these projects and using the tools which is a great way to demonstrate that it doesn't matter what program you're in here at Brock, you can use what we're offering.

But to highlight a couple that I'm really excited to see, the first one is we have one student. Taken an interest in Tableau and has learned the ins and outs of that and has already run a couple of workshops that are really great and he's turning this into a video so that we can reuse his workshops over and over again.

So I think that's a great initiative. But I will talk about the ones that are working with the GIS tools. There's two in particular that really stand out to me, and I think it's because of the subject matter. So one student is going to map all of Ontario's watershed report cards, which is interesting and I believe that has never been done on one map before.

So this is a whole new. A project right now, I think they're broken down. So there's a Southern Ontario, central Ontario, Eastern and northern. So sh that this person is going to be working on combining all of that into one map. And I know that's a ton of work and it's really interesting information.

A little bit terrifying to see the water quality and the report cards stuff that I haven't really looked at before, but it'll be great to see the end results of that and another, Is going to identify food desert neighborhoods in the Niagara region. So that is going to be mapped as well. As well as not just mapping the food deserts, but detecting spatial patterns and identifying areas of the region where there's some poverty issues.

So that I think is gonna be interesting to see the connections that are made on that project. . So really unique ideas, I think. 

Tim Ribaric: Very cool. Thanks for sharing. Yeah I'm looking forward to how this pans out. So I'm, I know it'll be successful because it's almost already completed there and it's already almost successful.

And Alicia, thanks for pointing out that the bigger picture I as is probably the parent for those that have listened to this show, I get lost in. Specifics of platforms and infrastructure to the detriment of all else. So it's nice to have a perspective that, that is different from that addresses the bigger things that I'm, of course, taking for granted.

But with that I'll say I'll thank you both for engaging in this discussion about the project work our students are doing and. I'll state it here too. We've talked about it before, so it shouldn't come as a surprise. But with luck, perhaps we'll have a student join us on this podcast at some point before the end of the school year or maybe after the school year is done, and ask them how their their experiences being a staffer in the DSL and MDG went for them.

Or we could get them all 

Daniel Brett: on the podcast 

Tim Ribaric: at, or we could do that same time. Just like a, just, yeah. Oh gosh. The logistics of such. Just make my mind bake with, I don't know how. 

Daniel Brett: You're at the Makerspace, they have a great deal of useful tools that could probably in con concatenate, I'm thinking computer terms,

They can probably connect a bunch of microphones together. . That's great. Oh, I've been on programming languages too long. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, excellent. All right. Here we go.

So normally our last sort of section of the day is a shout out or like a commercial for upcoming events. I can't really keep in my head all the stuff we're doing now because there's just so much of it, which I think is a great accomplishment for us. I'm gonna keep adding ourself on the back in this episode, so don't try and stop me.

But so there's lots of workshops one week at least, and we have the space open here and there. But the one thing I wanted to ask, for anyone who's listening, instead of, coming down and checking on a workshop, either tell a friend about the the podcast or leave a review for it.

Ideally a five star review, but I'm not gonna ask you to do that on Spotify or Apple Podcast. Or even on SoundCloud where we host this. It's soundcloud.com/brock_dsl. I think thank you for, considering my So I see that the sun is coming up, the boat is coming close to the shareholder, and we're gonna drop anchor here.

I'll say thank you to my co-host for joining me once again in this lavish space for another episode of Steering the Digital Scholarship. And we will see you in approximately two weeks. Bye-bye. 

Daniel Brett: Hi, bye .

