Ep26
===

Alicia Floyd: Hello, and welcome to episode number 26 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. I am Alicia, your captain for today's query Rich quest. With me today are our contestants. I mean our co-captains of steering the digital scholarship. Tim and Daniel, say hello. Hello? Hello? . . Hello? I'm standing already. 

Tim Ribaric: Hello? Hello?

Audience? Hello. You can't see, but we're rolling on the ground laughing right now. Oh Lord. 

Alicia Floyd: Just a little bit off to a good start here. Say hi Daniel. Hi Daniel. Hi Daniel. Okay, so we're gonna have a lot of fun today. The subject of our podcast today is Survey. So to start us off, we're going to talk about game shows.

I'm hoping that you can tell me what is your favorite game show to watch. Have you ever been on a game show? And if you have not, which one do you wish you could be on? 

Daniel Brett: The second part of that sounds like a loaded question. Somebody has a story they want to tell. 

Alicia Floyd: I don't have 

Tim Ribaric: a story. I'll see. I don't Well, I can go first and tell you that.

Have you either one of you heard the show? Of the show just like Mom and. Nope. No, it's on a cts on Sunday nights, and it's about a parent and their child answering questions for one for each other. So the parent leaves and then the child will answer questions about the parent and vice versa.

And then at the end there's a baking competition where the kids always end up doing something crazy. This is from 

Alicia Floyd: the eighties, 

Tim Ribaric: they rebooted it, so it's the exact same one as the eighties. But this is this is the updated. . And so that's the show I would love to be on. And consequently, it's also my favorite one, but I keep forgetting to apply because my children will soon be too old to be on that show.

So just like mom and dad, 

Alicia Floyd: just like mom and dad. So you've never been on any other game show? 

Tim Ribaric: No. Nothing. No. No. Lots of indoor recess jeopardy during grade school, if that counts. 

Alicia Floyd: That counts. Okay. Yeah. Especially if you got a. Surprise. Oh, it doesn't count. I don't remember. Prize. Alright, , how about you, 

Daniel Brett: Daniel?

Let's see. So the one that I like the most is 

Alicia Floyd: the first the first question is, what is your favorite game show to watch 

Daniel Brett: currently? My wife and I have thoroughly been enjoying the Masked Singer. 

Alicia Floyd: Oh, I didn't even think of things like that as game shows. So reality, it's 

Daniel Brett: a competition show. 

Tim Ribaric: Wow.

Great. For the home audience who's indulging in ASMR right now, apparently drilling something right next door to us, unbeknownst to us, so that's exciting Actually, if you hear some intermittent squealing in the background, I assure you it's perfectly. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah, so the Masked Singer is the one where they have celebrities.

Ooh, 

Alicia Floyd: I like, maybe there's a game show on home construction or 

Daniel Brett: something. Ooh, there definitely is. It's like House Wars where they two families compete to renovate and then whoever renovates the baskets. the renovation for free. Ah, okay. Not that I ever watched shows like that. , as we learned yesterday, was my

Alicia Floyd: Interior design. Very strong interior design skills, I must say. I wouldn't say. Okay. So you are a fan of the Masked Singer? Very much yeah. Now, would you like to be on the Masks Singer? 

Daniel Brett: You have to be famous, like exceptionally famous in order to be on the Mask Singer. That's the whole point. I wouldn't 

Tim Ribaric: say exceptionally famous.

Marginally famous 

Daniel Brett: works just as well. Oh, and they've had some pretty famous people on there, but I don't wanna spoil anything. Bottom line, I've guessed both of the finalists for the first two seasons. Like the winners. Oh, I guessed them both. And Lydia was so angry. That's my wife. . Yes, 

Alicia Floyd: it was our viewer.

Our listeners know. Oh yeah. I've probably mentioned before. Okay. If you can't be on the mask, singer, what do you, have you ever been on? ? No. Okay. And so which one do you wish you could be on? If you could? A 

Daniel Brett: game show that I wish I could be on? . I don't know. I think it would be pretty fun to be on something like Survivor, where you just get to have a free 

Alicia Floyd: vacation.

Okay. See we're on whole different levels of game show conversation here. Like you're talking reality maybe the amazing. 

Daniel Brett: No. Okay. That's a 

Alicia Floyd: game show. . There's a big million dollar prize at the end, like Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy and I've never watched those shows. Bumper Stumper. Bumper stumper.

What the heck is it? Oh gosh. Oh, Google it. Everybody at home, Google bumper, stuper. That is your homework. 

Tim Ribaric: You're really. I'm stumped putting but listeners of this podcast in two separate categories, 

Alicia Floyd: ain't those? Oh, apparently all you have to say is there's a reboot and then it's okay. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. There's a reboot.

Alright, works. I'm 

Alicia Floyd: on board. So I guess I'll, I will answer. My favorite game show to watch is Jeopardy. I'm not saying that I watch it because, I'm really intelligent and can answer all the questions. Usually if I get one or two right in the entire show. I'm super proud of myself, but I do like Jeopardy.

I have not ever been on a game show, but I know someone who was on Jeopardy. Oh wow. Which was amazing. It was the highlight of that year. We had a big viewing party and they lost, but it was still great. . It was still great. Yeah, it was impressive. It's a huge, there's a lot that goes behind the filming of Jeopardy and it's a huge process to get on that show, so it was cool to hear the inside scoop.

Neat. And what do I wish I could be on? Okay. , there's not a reboot of this show, but do you, you probably have never heard of this, Danielle, but maybe, have you ever heard of Supermarket Sweep? 

Tim Ribaric: Yes, of course. Tito Monte. Of course I've heard of Supermarket Sweep. Yeah. 

Alicia Floyd: So the viewers are the viewers. Yeah.

You're not viewing the listeners at Home. Supermarket Sweep was, I think it was in the eighties. Yeah. A game show where you had to, it started out where you had to guess prices of products. I. And then you'd accumulate points and you worked with, you were there with a team. So there was two people for every team.

I think there was three teams. And then at the end you had, you got a shopping cart and you gotta run around the grocery store and put as much stuff in the shopping cart as you can in a minute or two minutes. And whoever has the highest amount of money at their checkout that they owe wins. And I just feel like that would be so much fun to, that was great.

Run around and throw all the expensive stuff in your. So I wanna do supermarket 

Tim Ribaric: sweep, but by the end of the show's run, everyone knew what the most expensive item in the grocery store was. It was the Pito Hams, the ones that are like the size of a small dog. And they would run over to that shelf and just pile their cart with them.

Yeah. And it was just, it got lopsided 

Alicia Floyd: at the end because of the giant hams. And there were also the Obi form fax. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, that's right. Obi forms. Yes. Alright. Wow. Welcome to or this has been another episode of gen Xers reminiscing about the eighties. Yes. Thanks for listening. 

Alicia Floyd: Yeah, sorry. But it keeps coming back to that.

I know. You're probably wondering what all of this game show talk has to do with anything related to this digital scholarship. And as I said, the theme of today's show is survey says, but before we get into digital scholarships, Steph, I wanna have. , so get ready for the Family Feud.

Okay, everybody, have you heard of the Family Feud? 

Tim Ribaric: Wow. This is, did we arrange this with the CBC to have a crossover event in conjunction with the introduction of C or Oh Family Feud Canada Family 

Alicia Floyd: Feud Canada. And I'm like thinking, is this copyright? Do we have to call it? . 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, . 

Alicia Floyd: Extended Family Feud or Work Family Feud or Acquaintance Fight or something, right?

Yes. Yes. Okay. We'll acquaintance, be careful with that. We're gonna play a Game of Family Feud. , do you know how to play Family Feud? First of all, we're only gonna do fast money round. Okay. Okay. Fast money round, so we're gonna no, not fast money round. It's at the beginning where you've got the two people facing off.

Have you seen this show? Daniel? You're looking at me Quite quiz. Please. If you explain the rules, I'm sure I can pick up. Okay. So at this very, 

Daniel Brett: this show works. I think I saw memes about it. Oh 

Tim Ribaric: Lord. , what's Popeye's favorite food, chicken. No, on my own on that one. All 

Alicia Floyd: right. Daniel doesn't watch sports or game shows, real game shows, so we gotta Whoa whoa.

Okay. Real game shows. That is not reality television. 

Tim Ribaric: All right. How do we summarize this game for 

Alicia Floyd: you? Okay, so what happens is you're both facing off, and there is a buzzer in the middle of the table for our listeners, it's a beautiful red buzzer that makes no noise, so we're gonna, you're gonna hear a slapping sound that's working pretty good, okay?

. So I'm gonna ask a question. A hundred people have been surveyed these questions. Ooh. And you have to buzz in. So the first person to buzz in gets to say what they would, they, their guess is, and then the second person will say their guess. And I will read off the survey answers. And then in the end I'll tell you how many, who wins, who got the most frequently said answers.

And there's only five. So we'll just go. And it'll be so much fun. Does that make any sense? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Good. Just guess a word. I can do that. Guess a thing. Okay. So are you ready to buzz in? Okay. Okay, so no, you can't cheat. No cheating. Daniel Buzz . Okay, so our very first question, name a reason you might be late for work.

Overslept. Tim. Overslept. Okay. Good one. Good one. And Daniel, you get to have the next answer. What do you think? traffic. Daniel. Daniel. Daniel. Daniel won that round. Missed traffic, 

Tim Ribaric: of course. Okay. 

Daniel Brett: Is that I'm good at this game, 

Alicia Floyd: right? So Survey said I will give them to you in order. Traffic woke up late car trouble us or train.

Delay dropping off the. Sick or medical Emergency. Weather and hangover. . ? No. Can you say hangover at work Family Feud, but 

Tim Ribaric: I dunno. You mean acquaintance fights, right? Acquaintance, 

Alicia Floyd: yes. Acquaintance fight. Okay. So far it's one. One. And oh for Daniel. Next question. Where do kids nowadays spend most of their time?

Minecraft. Minecraft, okay. Let's call that internet. Okay, Daniel. 

Daniel Brett: School. 

Alicia Floyd: School. Oh, Daniel beat you again. 

Daniel Brett: Ah, they're forced to. They have no 

Alicia Floyd: choice. , the survey results were room or bed. School, internet mall. A friend's house, park or work? Ah, work. Work. No. Four, four responses for work out of a hundred. work with children 

Daniel Brett: in their room was 

Alicia Floyd: the first one in their room or in bed was their, was 28.

Guess 

Daniel Brett: you sleep like a lot of the day as 

Tim Ribaric: a, that's a youngster. Yeah, 

Alicia Floyd: that's just in general. I feel like teenagers maybe were more bad. I don't know about children. Fair enough. Anyways. Anyways, okay. 

Tim Ribaric: Question number six. So my strategy of just hitting the buzzer and coming up with an answer afterwards 

Daniel Brett: is backwards.

It's so much easier to have more 

Alicia Floyd: time to think. Say Daniel's not even trying to hit the buzzer here. Yeah. All right. 

Daniel Brett: I'm still understanding 

Alicia Floyd: the game. Okay. You got it now? Yeah, I've got it. All right. It's easy. All right. Tell me something many people do just once a. . Tim was like, I'm not hitting the bus. . 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah.

I'm trying to think of what frequency. Once a week I'll buzz. Okay, go ahead. Floss. 

Alicia Floyd: Floss. Okay. Floss is not that the big X, ah, gosh. 

Daniel Brett: Groceries. 

Alicia Floyd: Groceries. Ah, okay. Tim, I'm gonna give you one more guest to come up with something. Once a week. Go to church. Go to church is number one. Yeah. 

Tim Ribaric: Finally. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay.

Good job. The survey said church groceries or shopping, laundry, cleaning the house, sleeping in, or eating out. 

Daniel Brett: You only floss 

Tim Ribaric: once a week? No, I'm just out of a hundred people. Some of them must not floss every day, I don't know. I have a bad team. Tim's like, I swear I 

Daniel Brett: floss every day. I have to floss all the time.

Tim Ribaric: The funniest joke I've ever heard is on it was from the office and the Michael Scott character, he was talking about his New Year's Eve or New Year's resolution. He goes, yeah, I planned I, my resolution was to floss 1201. I floss. There was blood all over the mirror and then I put the floss in the garbage and that was it.

Oh my gosh. So I always think about Michael Scott flossing once a year as his resolution. So 

Alicia Floyd: blood on the. Huh? Be more gentle. . . All right, question number four. Second last question. Name something you haven't done since high school. Gym class. 

Tim Ribaric: Play Dodge. Oh. Play dodge ball. 

Alicia Floyd: Excellent answer. Daniel.

He's I didn't take gym class. . 

Daniel Brett: I took one gym class once in grade nine. Let's see. I don't know. Running. 

Alicia Floyd: Daniel, are you, can you see my sheet? 

Daniel Brett: No. . These are things I haven't done since high school. . I'm purposely looking at this thing 

Alicia Floyd: on the wall here. Daniel gets it for that one again. Run a mile with the first with 25.

Run a mile. Run a mile. 

Daniel Brett: Who has the ability to run? I know Tim 

Tim Ribaric: Ken, but I run two and a half of them every morning 

Alicia Floyd: My son can run some miles. I cannot. 

Daniel Brett: Could miles run down the street from one street to the next street? . . 

Alicia Floyd: You should go out with Tim in the 

Daniel Brett: mornings. Oh no. He probably runs by my house.

Yeah. 

Tim Ribaric: Sunday mornings I go by 

Alicia Floyd: your house. . The second though was dodge ball with 23, and then we go to pushups, sit-ups or crunches. Lifting weights, swimming laps, changing in a locker room. I thought that was a funny one. Changing in a locker room. Tennis. And then it says exercised. , you had locker rooms?

We did with no lockers. 

Daniel Brett: Big 

Tim Ribaric: fancy schools syndrome. Hundred. A hundred people thought of these a hundred people. At least some of them had a locker room. Yeah, 

Alicia Floyd: it's very three of them. Just three. Okay. They're eyeballs then. And our final question, so let's see what we have here. We have Daniel with three and Tim with one.

So we can't really tie it up, but we can try Nothing. You can just say this is worth. This is worth two points for the wins. That's how game shows work. 

Daniel Brett: the final round for all the points. Anybody you see this is worth 500 points. 

Tim Ribaric: Previous rounds don't matter. Yeah, 

Daniel Brett: just, 

Alicia Floyd: and the prize is that the, whoever wins gets to host the next podcast.

Ready? 

Tim Ribaric: Interesting's 

Daniel Brett: wait. Strategy, isn't it my week next day, . 

Alicia Floyd: Okay. Name something that breaks down.

Car. Daniel with car. Tim. 

Tim Ribaric: Hello. I was gonna go metaphysical and say people's minds or orner. Your nerves. Your nerves. That would 

Alicia Floyd: nerve. Alright. Okay. So nerves is not one, but body is. So I'm gonna give you that one. Okay, very good. Which is still second. So car was number one with 44 , body number two with 22.

And then we have computer communication, foreign relations, and television, foreign 

Daniel Brett: relations. That's the Oh, that's high. 

Alicia Floyd: Yeah. Yeah. So great game. Thank you for joining us on, what are we calling this acquaintance? Fights 

Acquaintance. 

Daniel Brett: Fights acquaintance. I didn't want to win this if the prize is doing this , but I'll come up with something great just to see.

Hey, I tried my best and I lost, so we're gonna be playing acquaintance fight two. Electric, Boogaloo, , 

Alicia Floyd: Electric Boogaloo is my favorite thing that's ever been said on this podcast. That's good. Say it again. Electric boogaloo. Excellent. Thank you for playing our game today. And so I obviously we're talking about surveys.

There are, as we all know, many different methods to conduct research, and that depends on various factors, including the type of data you're hoping to collect. One method of digital data collection is surveys. So today we're gonna talk about. And trust me, it's going to be great and very informative, . All right.

All right. So my first discussion topic here is to ask you both how you feel about being asked to take a survey and also as a follow up, what types of surveys have you taken in the past? 

Tim Ribaric: I'll chime in right away and say that I used to be signed up for Angus Reed polling. So I don't know if either one of you have heard of Angus Reed.

It's an opinion poll company that works across the country and they used to have a web portal. You could log in, tell them a bit about yourself, and then they would prompt you with a bunch of survey questions based on what your results were. So I'd always say I was like a si single woman with three children on a single income.

And then just to see what would happen. And then they would give you questions about different products and political parties. And I always made it a deal to pick the exact opposite of what I would like normally pick. And then I accumulated, I think, maybe five bucks worth of. That it would've gotten as like a Visa prepaid card, but it was just too tedious to keep going with, cuz every survey got 40 cents or something, oh. But yeah, if if you wanna, yeah. Angus Reed, I would say is the one that I voluntarily signed up for, but hated every minute of, for whatever reason. But I do 

Daniel Brett: Google Opinion Awards and I love it. 

Alicia Floyd: Oh yeah. You're making millions on that, right? I'm not making 

Daniel Brett: millions. I think I've made a total of $36 in the last two years.

Tim Ribaric: $36 is it's more than no dollars, it's 

Daniel Brett: really great because you can, it's Google Play Credit, which means you can spend it in all your phone 

Tim Ribaric: games. You can get Minecraft for free if you just fill in some surveys. No, man, I need 

Alicia Floyd: to tell my son that , 

Daniel Brett: it takes a while. You don't get to pick when the surveys come.

Oh, they, you have to have your location tracking on, and then sometimes you'll, when you'll leave a store, it'll say, Hey, I noticed that you were at this store. Tell us about what you did there. So it's basically you're selling your personal information for money, right? For 20, 20 cents a pop. And I'm all for it depends on the, oh.

Happily sell my personal information for 20 cents. So 

Alicia Floyd: you can't just sit there and do surveys for two straight? No. You usually 

Daniel Brett: get one every day or so. 

Tim Ribaric: All right. Okay. The. Situation I find myself often and too, with some enterprising librarian runs a survey. About, work satisfaction or what was the worst one I've participated in like metadata crosswalks, so something very specific to the point where I was probably the only one that responded in any kind of way.

So I realized my discipline requires a lot of survey data to move forward. So I'm ever cognizant of participating in as many as I should or. to help my colleagues out. , 

Alicia Floyd: I've done some, a lot of surveys too, like at work. In my past job when we were doing a reorganization, they actually started it with doing surveys, digital surveys, which was crazy.

I got roped into the Shopper's Drug Mart surveys where you get. A boatload of optimum points for doing surveys, but then they started coming too frequently, so I stopped doing those as well. Does anyone remember the shoppers surveys that you could do? And it was like two or three pages in the newspaper or something like that?

Oh boy. And it was basically asking you about products and then you could be entered into a dorado. I don't know, a gift card for groceries or something like that. That one doesn't 

Tim Ribaric: ring. Sorry. That's an oldie on GenX flashback day. I, 

Alicia Floyd: I've that, no, that isn't even that old. I wanna say within the last five years, I don't know.

Anyways, but also I like doing census surveys. Oh, 

Tim Ribaric: Those ones you can't lie on, right? No. That's pretty truthful with 

Alicia Floyd: those ones. But I like it. I like answering Cause it's a survey. When does that happen? They mail you. . How often do they do that? Every two years. 

Tim Ribaric: Gosh. Every two years. Yeah.

Yeah. And then you just have to do basic demographic stuff about who lives in your house. But then sometimes you'll get the long form on occasion where they ask you more stuff about like your education level and salary. And some other things 

Alicia Floyd: too. And your like dependence. And I don't know why I like doing it, but I typically, I've gotten the long.

the long one. Oh, 

Daniel Brett: interesting. Okay. Probably people who take the time to answer the long form when properly get it continually, because they know they'll get better answers 

Alicia Floyd: from them. No, I think it's random. I don't know, 

Tim Ribaric: isn't it? Yeah. It's supposed to be like they pick different demographics over time.

Should 

Daniel Brett: buy a lottery ticket if you're winning that lottery all the time. Maybe I 

Alicia Floyd: should. 

Daniel Brett: you're winning the 

Tim Ribaric: census lottery. The paperwork lottery, yeah. 

Alicia Floyd: My next question for you is, have you ever conducted a survey? . Okay. Do you wanna tell us about it? Tell our listeners about your survey. Can I, 

Tim Ribaric: yeah. Gosh, this sounds , 

Daniel Brett: this sounds I've conducted. Oh, actually, yeah. I conduct a survey every, it's like I was 

Alicia Floyd: lying. No, 

Daniel Brett: For that one working group, but also I 

Alicia Floyd: don't, it doesn't have to be work related. 

Daniel Brett: Work related. Every workshop that I run, we send a survey afterwards. True.

I I definitely look forward to the results of the surveys. Some more than others. Some of them hurt , but it's important for growth. 

Tim Ribaric: is what I that's a whole nother episode we got right there. Yeah. That's what Daniel will talk about next time with us. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. Next time on Electric Boogaloo too.

Electric Boog. Or we are going to talk about survey results and how to handle 'em with. 

Tim Ribaric: In my experience, I put in so research ethics board clearance to actually get the survey cleared for conduct, like to be launched, but I never got through to actually launching it cuz my collaborator was just busy with other stuff so we couldn't put it together.

And the and the r e b clearance is good for a year and the year expired. I was at maybe about halfway did I run a survey. I put the questions together, had it cleared by ethics, but never actually conducted it. So that's my sad story. That 

Alicia Floyd: is sad. You'll have to do a survey on something else sometime.

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, I'm sure it's in the cards. As I mentioned, librarianship thrives on survey based research, so I'm sure it'll come up. 

Alicia Floyd: There's always just Twitter polls if you're you. If you wanna say Yes, I've done a survey. Oh, 

Tim Ribaric: okay then Yeah. Yeah, of course. I've 

Daniel Brett: definitely done like those Facebook ones in your chat rooms with all your friends.

Alicia Floyd: Oh yeah. I've done a lot of polls there. Should I buy these shoes or these 

Daniel Brett: shoes? That is not the things we talk about. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. . It's Who is Cooler The incredible Hulk or Spider-Man? 

Daniel Brett: No, it's usually just what night is everyone free for? D. D ? The age old question. 

Alicia Floyd: I haven't done a substantial survey. 

Tim Ribaric: Drinks and dancing.

Is that what dna? 

Alicia Floyd: Drinks and dancing. . You do need fancy shoes for dancing. It's just 

Daniel Brett: dragons and dragons. Dragons and dragons. Yeah. 

Alicia Floyd: Great. Okay. I have another question, discussion question here. Do you think it's more beneficial to conduct digital surveys, or do you like the old fashioned pen and paper?

Flag people down in the hallways and offer a free lollipop if they fill it out. Sort of survey. Digital, digital. You don't want a lollipop? Nope. What about a crispy cream donut? So 

Daniel Brett: I have. , I am supposed to avoid all of these 

Alicia Floyd: things. What a cucumber 

Daniel Brett: Is there like vinegar and salt? , . . The 

Alicia Floyd: good stuff.

So you're digital. How about 

you, 

Tim Ribaric: Tim? I've participated in qualitative survey. Like I, I guess I've helped data. I've done a data gathering exercise that's been qualitative where you ask someone a series of questions and write down. All that they respond with for various initiatives here at work to usually like web design stuff or like service evaluation.

So those are okay, but I think you get a self-selected group of people. Cuz if you're like, in real life and you wanna stop someone and ask them a question, they either want to really answer it or they have absolute nothing else to do. And which is why they have the time to go on about whatever you ask them.

So I. digitally makes more sense because it could be less intrusive and you get, I think, an a more honest answer. But I don't know. I guess I would tend with Daniel here and say electronic ways is probably what I would use more or rely on or care to participate 

Alicia Floyd: with. I'd have to agree. They're quick and easy sometimes.

It's neat sometimes when you can see the progress or after, if you can see results of what other people have. In the academic environment, of course that's not how you wouldn't see anyone's results. But in fun ones you can see the results. . So let's talk about tools. I've noticed in my time with the digital scholarship lab, there have been a lot of times when people are working on surveys or they're, experimenting with how they should collect data.

, should they do a survey? If they're doing a survey, what tools should they use? So what types of tools would you suggest or have you had experience with? What that people could use to conduct surveys? 

Tim Ribaric: Oh golly. In terms of quantitative platforms, I think Lyme survey was the one that I have most experience with, which is a free open source.

It was Google Forms. Yeah, Google Forms. Yeah, that's another good one. One Survey Monkey. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. I used that a lot when I was in in university. I 

Tim Ribaric: always would like to, I've not done this yet, but go to an academic search engine that's very pompous and. Highfalutin and then type in Survey Monkey to see how many times it shows up in the database , because everyone's oh, we did this very important survey, but we ask these very important questions on survey about gay

I would love to see the results 

Daniel Brett: on that. And then there's always like the classic Facebook poll, and I'm sure Twitter has an equivalent and other platforms do 

Tim Ribaric: as well. Not. Survey based, but there's a a qualitative tagging platform called En Vivo, which allows you to read through transcripts and tag them with certain themes to do analysis with.

It's very expensive to get a license for. And I'm hoping at some point in my life that I have a reason to use it and then I can actually, justify paying for a license. So I'm though I can't speak much about it, I know it's the industry standard and I really hope to use Envivo at some point. And if the people that make Envivo are listening, call us up, will talk

Alicia Floyd: Good plug. I've recently had the experience of working with the survey platform Qualtrics, which I assume is not. ? 

Tim Ribaric: No, I don't think so. I 

Alicia Floyd: think it's a paid for product. Paid for product. This is what spurred my idea for our podcast today from working on helping a librarian here just with getting the survey up and running, and it's a pretty intense tool.

Lots of options and . Lots to work with in there. Lots to figure out at first as well. Okay. Thank you for the information on some tools. What do you think the DSL can offer in terms of support for creating surveys or methods of analyzing the data collected or storing and sharing the data for future use?

Oh 

Tim Ribaric: wow. Good question. What do you think, Daniel? You have something off top of your head? Cause I think I, I , I feel compelled to come up with a more comprehensive answer that this is a, of our six pillars of service, one being research data management, that we should have a comprehensive support system in place for people conducting surveys.

But there's a lot of. Things to consider with that. Confidentiality. . R e b, like research ethics board's approval. And how do you keep data retention plans, deletion and insecurity and stuff. So in some respect, we should offer support, but I don't know what that, in, 

Daniel Brett: In terms of collecting data I think creating and running surveys.

Most survey platforms will be fine, even just like Google Forms, but for the. Two bits of the question where it's analyzing the data. We definitely offer support for that. We can do Power bi, we can do Tableau. I've actually built a thing in Power BI that lets you filter through survey results in a very intuitive way that I quite liked.

So Power BI is a really great tool for looking at the data that you've collected and analyzing it, and in terms of storing and sharing. Then there's a whole. Plethora of storage options out there like GitHub and 

Tim Ribaric: We'd be remiss not to say dataverse, right? Yes. Of course that's one of our important platforms we support.

But yeah, I could see us at some point doing like an en vivo workshop or , something about qualitative. analysis that we could have some faculty member, graduate student on this campus that practices it heavily do a workshop on, or, I could see that as some area of business we get 

Daniel Brett: into.

I feel like that would be a really interesting sequence that we could do where it's talking about the survey and actually recently in the MAP library there was a presentation about a. that is part of the ARC platform. That can collect, you can do surveys of spaces. You can actually like survey locations and enter data about locations that you're at, and then plot that and it builds your entire data set that way.

And then you could do whatever the data collection section is. Then we could do a data analysis and visualization section using either a programming language or a visualization tool like Power bi tableau, and then a permanent storage solution for all that. I think that'd be a really interesting a workshop sequence to 

Alicia Floyd: do a whole series.

Yeah, we could do a whole series. Yeah, for sure. 

Tim Ribaric: There's the, there's a high sense of propriety around survey information, though. That's the thing, right? So people to talk about what surveys they conduct when they're still actively publishing results from them. It's a bit tricky. Yeah. 

Alicia Floyd: Is what I find anyway.

I have learned too, a little bit more about, I haven't really had the experience prior to this job of working with the research ethics board, but I didn't really realize how much they are participating in the surveys. For example, if you just wanna change the wording of a question. , it has to go back to the, to r e b.

And so yeah, there's a lot of behind the scenes things that goes into this surveys that go out for research purposes. On 

Tim Ribaric: the plus side, Brock here, at least there are, r e b is pretty effective with surveys. They have a fast track. , they have a research that involves humans, research that involves animals and, they go to different groups of people, but then they have a, an expedited process for low risk surveys that don't ask a lot of, probing questions or there's no harm for participants, that they get through things pretty quickly.

And the r e b application form isn't that bad. I've seen other institutions that it's. It's almost embarrassing the amount of questions they ask about, why are you conducting this research? What do you hope to do with it? And, what proof do you have that you're capable of doing this research in the first place?

So it's re EVs can be particularly discouraging, but fortunately, knock on wood knock in that Brock environment, it's not the case. Things. Reasonably and efficiently. So that's great. 

Alicia Floyd: That's great to know. So if our listeners are out there and they wanna come to the DSL for help processing their data from their surveys, can they come our way?

Tim Ribaric: I think that's a slam dunk. Yeah, absolutely. 

Daniel Brett: That's a big goal. Thumbs up 

Alicia Floyd: there. So that's a shout out to all of you in the broad community doing survey research come our way and we can help you out. So thank you for that. Great discussion on survey says, and I think we'll drop anchor here. The Winter Workshop series is still underway.

Check out experience, BU or Eventbrite for what's coming up, or follow us on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram to get all of the. A few events on the horizon are automating for the command line on January 30th and on February 4th at four 15 in RFP room two 14, the Brock Library Data librarian Heather Whipple, will be presenting an introduction to data management plans for grad students.

This workshop will explain the intent and purpose of data management plans and introduce an interactive DMP tool designed to facilitate making and editing these living. Also on February 19th and 20th, in RFP room two 14, we are running a two day data carpentry workshop that teaches the fundamental data skills needed to conduct research.

Don't forget to reach out for us for queries or comments at dsl@brocku.ca. Until next time.

