Ep27
===

Daniel Brett: Hello and welcome to episode number 27 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. My name is Daniel, and I will be acting captain for this day of days. But before we get into our main topic, we have some. Our very own navigator extraordinaire. Alicia, has accepted an amazing new position in the university. And as such, we'll be hopping off the digital scholarship at the next port of call.

We will miss her greatly. So many puns, but we're all very happy for her. So for today's icebreaker question, Tim and I are gonna share our favorite thing about working with Alicia, and she'll share one of the hopefully many things that she enjoyed about sailing with us this past year. And a bit, 

Tim Ribaric: Tim, oh, you're looking at my direction.

In my direction. Pardon me. To imply that I'm going. And if I had to answer that question in a single thing, I think it would be all the times Alicia picked up on something that I forgot about. It's happened more than once but less than a lot. And it's always nice to know that someone is thinking about the details when I'm clearly not.

So I wish I had a nice, for instance of when that would happen, but it just it's just a general feeling of. You've got the details. So that's reassuring, very reassuring 

Daniel Brett: For me, it's always brainstorming with Alicia has always been a very a very important part of many days over the past year is whenever I hit a wall, then I'll just go and sit down and be like, okay, this is what I'm thinking about.

And just talking it out and bouncing ideas back and forth has always been the most valuable and. Part of working with you this past while. 

Alicia Floyd: Thanks guys very much. You know how much I love being put on the spot, so it was great to hear that 

Daniel Brett: probably the last time. No 

Alicia Floyd: worries. Yep.

I, okay. What is my most favorite, happy, memorable moments of working with you guys? 

Daniel Brett: Or what did you enjoy most about? Working 

Alicia Floyd: with us. So thinking, this is a good question. Thinking about what I enjoyed most over the past year in a bit. I think it's actually the things that I've done outside of my comfort zone.

And Tim and Daniel know it best, but I think I've been out of my comfort zone for the full year in a But it's been an amazing experience and I'm happy to have been pushed in these ways. I never. Ever said yes to a podcast before this or after this too? Yeah, probably. Or after this.

I think this is my last episode 

Daniel Brett: ever. Oh no. We'll have you back for something. 

Alicia Floyd: Not that I didn't enjoy it, but like I said, it's outside my comfort zone. And then Learning new things and learning new tools. Tools is always something that I've loved to do is learn new things, but typically they're within, a certain context.

I've enjoyed being pushed in that way and also supported by both of you. So it seemed to me that no matter what I had questions about, and you're right, talking about the brainstorming, and we worked so well together as a team over this past. That we developed something that I think is pretty amazing already.

So we started with literally nothing. Literally nothing but a concept. Some 

Tim Ribaric: may say we have just a bit more than nothing right now. 

Alicia Floyd: And I think one of our first episodes was literally that how do you develop something out of a concept? And so we've gone from a concept to a team that offers services that.

So many tutorials and things that help people. We've done collaborations and we do have a space, and I think it's awesome. So I think the whole experience has really helped me to grow, and I have both of you guys to thank 

Daniel Brett: for that. That's very good to hear and we'll be sure to have you back for the 10 year anniversary of steering the digital scholarship when we're 

Alicia Floyd: on.

Okay. I'll 

Daniel Brett: come back for the 10 year when we hit episode 1000 

Tim Ribaric: when they bring back the original cast and they rebooted on Fox. Yeah. We'll bring everyone back. Yeah, perfect. 

Alicia Floyd: I'll have all white hair and 

Daniel Brett: in 10. 

Alicia Floyd: Yep. 

Daniel Brett: I thought you were going to enjoy this new job. 

Tim Ribaric: I anticipate I'll be mostly robot by then.

Daniel Brett: Oh my goodness. You guys have a pessimistic view of the next 10 years. I imagine. I'll look exactly the same. I'll be just as happy. No more jaded. It'll be lovely. This is 

Alicia Floyd: coming from a guy listeners who before we pressed record, cracked like every bone in his arm in the microphone 

Daniel Brett: behind me. Yeah. That was.

Not an indicator of anything. No, my, my physicality is fine. Thank you very much. So good times. As sad as we are to see you go. The show must go on. So let's get into today's main topic.

So as hopefully everybody knows, the grand opening of the Digital Scholarship lab is just over a week. And it looks like it will be a pretty great day. So today we are going to look at some other interesting days that are coming up. There are many kinds of days from birthdays to holidays, but today we're gonna look at some of the lesser known days.

And if we're lucky, maybe we can think of some event ideas for the new space based around these fun days. So to start off, we're going to look. The selection of days that the United Nations has listed. So it's the United Nations International Days and will not look at all of them. There are a lot. But coming up, or for example, today is February 11th, I believe that we are recording this, which is the International Day of Women and Girls in Science.

Tim Ribaric: Discuss interesting. What I is there in this list before we get too far along a day to discuss days. So are we doing this on the right day? 

Daniel Brett: Not on this list. I believe the list we're gonna look at after this probably does have a day about discussing days, a day for days. Okay. I think there, I'm pretty sure there is a day for days on this other list, but it's much longer.

But International Day of Women and Girls in Science, it's a cause that we are all attached to in one way or another. Yeah, for sure. 

Alicia Floyd: For sure. I think it's an important day. I know there's a lot of events going on in Niagara today. There's lots of different groups, like women in stem, for example, who are putting on events.

Have you heard any about any events going on campus? I'm not sure there should be. I 

Daniel Brett: feel like I saw something in the news post this morning. Everybody scramble for your news post. This is how you know that it's not scripted. 

Tim Ribaric: Speaking of asmr, my keyboard is very clacky. Oh geez. That is really clacky.

So I can't look at anything on my computer while we're record these things, cuz I would just be. Click, 

Daniel Brett: click. That's actually very impressive how clacky that is. 

Tim Ribaric: I bought it for its clacks. That 

Daniel Brett: seems like the opposite. Oh, literally. The first thing on the Brock News for today is Brock is to host an event focused on getting more women into STEM careers.

Perfect. So there you are. Brock is already covering this one for. 

Tim Ribaric: I hope that will be around in about six or seven years when my girls get into high school and start finishing up and looking at 

Daniel Brett: university. You want them to get into science? 

Tim Ribaric: I just they don't have to, but I just want them to know that it's an option that they could 

Daniel Brett: do.

I didn't know that parenting involved giving your children options. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. No, it's you get, they deter they develop something called self-determination 

Daniel Brett: at some point. That sounds like a myth. Looks like this one Brock has covered. And the next one we probably have covered already because coming up in two days, February 13th is World Radio Day and it's basically radio podcasts.

Tim Ribaric: Oh gosh. 

Alicia Floyd: So you mean that we need this is when on Wednesday, 

Daniel Brett: tomorrow, yes. The 13th oh, 

Alicia Floyd: Thursday. Thursday. Thursday. So maybe we should do like a. To Air podcast like no editing. Just, 

Daniel Brett: I thought you said this was gonna be your last podcast. Yeah. I'll just, you clearly listen. So you know what, this will be on Thursday.

And Alicia only, oh. Live on the mic. Two hours. Sitting out in the Ranken family pavilion, 

Tim Ribaric: have you ever seen that video of that guy that has the world beatboxing record and he just beat boxes for, or like he raps for 25 hours and there's just a whiteboard and then people write down stuff and then he'll just sing and then use the stuff that's on the whiteboard.

No, that's cool. So it sounds to me, Alicia, like Daniel's proposing you do this on Thursday, we'll get a we'll wheel, a whiteboard out and you just talk for two hours and we'll broadcast. And save it for posterity purposes. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. What do you think? I'll do it. All right. That's, it's a date. It's risky. What could possibly go wrong?

Literally nothing. We'll do right in front of the makerspace so that if we have technical difficulties, they can help us out with that. All right. Coming up after that, let's just skip ahead a bit to, let's see, something in March. Ooh. March 20th, the International Day of Happiness. Oh, that's, We could Ah, okay.

Have an emoji party. 

Tim Ribaric: Emojis don't make me happy. They infuriate me. So maybe that's not a good choice for 

Daniel Brett: happiness. We could have a smiling party where everybody smiles at each other 

Alicia Floyd: awkwardly. Isn't there some kind of statistics gathering on what makes people 

Daniel Brett: happy? Ooh, we could do a big visualization on happiness.

Yes. And put it on the visual. And invite people in for cake because cake also makes people happy. That's 

Tim Ribaric: true. That's cake is universal. 

Daniel Brett: Cake. And cookies. And caffeine. And caffeine. Yeah. 

Alicia Floyd: That's about happy people. It's 

Daniel Brett: a thing. All right. If anybody wants to give us the budget to to do a Happiness day on March 20th, please send your money too, 

Tim Ribaric: which is just around the corner.

So get the checks in 

Daniel Brett: quick to my bank account. Thank you very much 

Alicia Floyd: on this one. Survey it. Oddly enough that if people have a minimum of a $75,000 a year salary, it makes them 

Daniel Brett: smile. Oh, okay. So money that seems odd can buy happiness, money can buy happiness. Ooh. The stats never lie. So obviously, I 

Tim Ribaric: dunno if you can equate smiling with happiness a lot of times during the day, I'm smiling.

I guarantee you I'm not happy. 

Daniel Brett: Oof. It says a lot about some of our meetings. Then I thought we were doing good. Oh, no. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh no. All no rules today. Alicia's last podcast. Everything. Yeah, everything's 

Daniel Brett: cool. Okay. Okay. Something a little more eco oriented. Let's look at Marge 22nd, which is World Water. What's a fun thing we could do on a water day, aside from oh, 

Alicia Floyd: I think we should bring in one of our students who was talking about, oh, yeah.

Her project is based on, I think I mentioned this in the last podcast we did on water quality. 

Daniel Brett: That was the one with the watersheds. Yeah. 

Alicia Floyd: It in the watersheds in Niagara. So we could have a whole workshop and presentation and discussion. 

Daniel Brett: I was thinking just like branded water bottles, but that's much better and you could do that and cheaper.

Tim Ribaric: It escapes me, but there was a research institute at Brock which just published its final reports and it was the. W E P G M I think in any case, all of their reports now that the funding for the center has been discontinued and they're no longer producing new material. It's all been loaded up into the digital repository.

And in fact, we're gonna take an archive of their website and put it in there. So the one thing we can do sorry, listeners, is is highlight the work that this organization has. So if you'll excuse me while I vamp a bit and I'll let you to discuss more water 

Daniel Brett: stuff. Yeah I really like this idea.

I, now that the space is opening, I feel like we want to more than we already are, make sure that we have things going on and that we're participating in important events. Like the the United Nations chosen Days and Water Day. That sounds like a really good one. And looking through this list, there's a lot of them that would involve a great deal of really interesting data that's probably publicly available.

We could create really cool data sets. We could put them up, we could have events. Even the small scale, this is on the wall this week in celebration of. April 25th World Malaria Day, we could have malaria stats and statistics about the fight against malaria and all that stuff. Absolutely. It's a 

Tim Ribaric: great idea.

So just to bring it around home so that people in the audience don't walk away forever. Trying to think about what it was that I was mentioning. It was the Water Economics Policy and Governance Network. So they were a shirk funded organization and all 84 of their reports are published and available through our digital repository.

They're also available www.wepgn.org. So there you go. Those listening that want to find out more about research, about water scarcity and politics please check that out. 

Daniel Brett: That's awesome. Yeah. Now that I look at this list, there's a lot of really great days that we could World Tuna Day World. Tuna Day.

Where's that? We can 

Tim Ribaric: all have sushi. May 2nd. That's my brother's birthday too. Oh man. 

Alicia Floyd: Oh, we can have him on the, you guys can have him on the podcast eat sushi and talk about tuna statistics. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. I've seen that show where they fish tuna in the 

Daniel Brett: tuna is scary stuff. Yeah, those things are 

Tim Ribaric: big.

They're big and you get a lot of money. El Enda tuna. Interesting. I'm wrong. Line of work, let's go buy a fishing boat. 

Daniel Brett: Ooh, 

Alicia Floyd: just like on Forest Gump. Oh yeah. What did they name? Bubba Gum Shrimp. Bubba Gum 

Daniel Brett: Shrimp. I don't remember the name of it. Oh, the 

Alicia Floyd: boat was the Jenny. 

Daniel Brett: Oh yes, the Jenny.

Oh man. Spoilers for Forest Gum. 

Tim Ribaric: It's only been 

Daniel Brett: 25 years, so I think the statute of spoilers is about three months now, according to the official spoiler statistics. But still we apologize for anyone whose day we've ruined. 

Tim Ribaric: Can we find a day that we wouldn't be able to do anything with 

Daniel Brett: a day that we wouldn't be able to do it either?

Oh, I like that question. Ooh, that's a tough 

Tim Ribaric: one. I see. Because I think we're we know what we're doing. So much that we apply, doesn't matter. Everything in is eligible for the digital scholarship. 

Daniel Brett: Touch something that we can't do anything with. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh I'm sorry. There's I hate to say it, but there's a dimension of digital scholarship for everything that the UN cares to to celebrate 

Daniel Brett: during the course of a year.

Well, based on that comment, how about we switch over to the other? Ooh. Instead of looking at the UN's official international days, I have a second list here from time and date.com, who's in charge, which was the list of tracking time and date. And they have a list of all sorts of days that are Wow.

Yeah. Somewhat unofficial. And here we've got things like Clean your Desk day. Ditch New Year's Resolution Day. 

Tim Ribaric: I like Day of the Crepe on February 2nd. It's not crepe day or make crepe day. It's day 

Daniel Brett: of the crepe day of the crepe. Ooh. I'm curious. This is, this could be a fun adventure, if you don't mind giving out more personal information than we've already given on this show is if you check your birthday, what is, oh man.

My birthday is one of the few days that has nothing. Oh. So we found a nothing day. There is another day. Oh, that's because it's my birthday. They can't have any other events. That's already, it's taken care of. It's already taken. It's too 

Alicia Floyd: important. And on my birthday, what's my birthday? Let's see.

Tim Ribaric: Oh, while you're looking that up, I can tell you my birthday is girlfriend's day. Oh, girlfriend's day. Oh yeah. So does that mean I hang out with my girlfriends on that day? No. 

Daniel Brett: All you should ask your wife. Ask your wife if you can hang out with your girlfriends uhoh. I like that you said girlfriends with an ass.

That's my two, my 

Tim Ribaric: two little girls. Oh, there you my lovely life. And he's saying, them's my girlfriends. That's fair. But on. Oh my gosh. This is cool cuz my. Sorry, family, my partner and one of my daughters is, bro, both born on the next day August 2nd, which is Ice Cream Sandwich day and as well as Sister's Day.

Aw, that is gonna be a real 

Alicia Floyd: for two days. And they both born on the, they have the same birthday. Same exact birthday. That's exciting. Yeah. Oh man, you guys all have kind of 

Daniel Brett: nice days ice cream sandwich day on your birthday, 

Alicia Floyd: you can make a giant 

Daniel Brett: ice cream sandwich cake. Oh, as your cake. Just a big Oh boy.

That would be good. Invite us over. I want to come to this birthday party. 

Alicia Floyd: Okay. So my birthday is a scary one. It's how the moon day and night. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, that's that's tiring. That's a lot of, that's a lot 

Daniel Brett: of how, that is a lot of 

Alicia Floyd: how Holy cow. Just how all day. I'm not sure 

Daniel Brett: what you can do with that.

That sounds like a lot of fun. If you've ever read up on some of the fun wicken stuff that you can do under a full moon, oh man. Oh lord, I haven't but howling at the moon, dancing around a bonfire, throwing some copper in there to make it change 

Alicia Floyd: colors. I'm liking this website because you can look up your birthdays of everyone.

Daniel Brett: If anybody's interested about this website, here we are with the Shameless Plug for a time and a date.com. 

Tim Ribaric: Let's see what my other daughter's birthday. Oh, road Swords, swallowers Day. Nice swords, swallowers 

Alicia Floyd: Day. Not dangerous at 

Tim Ribaric: all. But that's also the same day as Bee Humble Day and single Tasking Day.

Oh man, I, that's ironic cuz there's three different days and they're telling you one is single tasking 

Daniel Brett: day. I feel like. I don't want to disk the United Nations list because everything on there is important and significant, but I will say that this one is more fun. 

Alicia Floyd: There's also a list where it gives you the food that you should be celebrating on every day.

Daniel Brett: You celebrate a different food every day. Yeah, like there's World 

Alicia Floyd: Brownie Day and World Donut Day and World Pizza Day and Love. Is it all bad? I think so. I don't think you're gonna find like a world celery day, but 

Tim Ribaric: I like that list. Worst day of there. That's blue Monday, right? That's the most depressing day.

Oh, great. All I get 

Alicia Floyd: is a celery 

Daniel Brett: steak. If you're allowed to put like peanut butter and raisins on it, then ants on a log. 

Tim Ribaric: That's funny. Today is make a friend day and don't cry over spilled milk day. 

Daniel Brett: Oh yeah. Yeah. Don't cry over spilled milk. That's a really good motto. I like that one. My mom used to say that a lot.

Tim Ribaric: Except when you don't clean it all up and then it stinks, like moldy cheese. So then it's reason to 

Daniel Brett: cry. For me it was, we had a farm where we milked goats. So there was always spill milk. There was al, yeah. Okay, gotcha. 

Tim Ribaric: Always. And the 14th, which you some of you might know is St. Valentine's Day is also Ferris Wheel Day and Library Lover's Day.

Daniel Brett: That makes. Oh God. Ferris wheels are very romantic and libraries are also romantic. 

Alicia Floyd: I think that I just read too, that February 15th is Single's Awareness Day. 

Daniel Brett: Huh? Single's Awareness Day is, let me just, is that Valentine's Day or is that the day after? That's the day after. That's that's funny.

That's somebody I know his birthday. Oh, here's a good one. August 10th, lazy. 

Tim Ribaric: Ah, that's every Sunday. What are 

Daniel Brett: you talking about? August 10th. Nope. One day of the year. You're allowed to be lazy every other day. Productivity 

Tim Ribaric: Spa Day Be an Angel Day. Mail 

Daniel Brett: order Catalog day. That is on August 18th. That scene seems to make a lot of sense actually, cuz that's just in time that you put in your orders that they arrive by Christmas.

At least back in the day before Amazon. I was 

Tim Ribaric: gonna say, this list has been put together by big catalog. We're just trying to get people to interested in mail order 

Daniel Brett: again. Oh, this is a sad one. August 24th, Pluto Demoted Day because Pluto got demoted to a Pluto. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. Instead of a planet.

That's my mom's 

Tim Ribaric: birthday. Oh, that's a bummer. Oh. I don't know. How do you celebrate that? Eat really small donuts, I guess in the shape of 

Daniel Brett: Oh, you just have timbits? Yeah, you just go out for Timbits. I'd be just like, sorry, Pluto. You're still a planet in my heart, as far as I'm concerned, Pluto's still a planet.

Cause that's what I learned at school. But kids nowadays, they'll never know. 

Tim Ribaric: They'll teach the controversy, don't worry. 

Daniel Brett: Oh, you say that. But 

Alicia Floyd: so I'm still hung up on the food day. 

Daniel Brett: What about August 26th? That sounds like Alicia's kind of. 

Alicia Floyd: What is, I don't have that list open anymore. 

Daniel Brett: Dog Appreciation day.

Alicia Floyd: Oh, I don't know if I'm on at the appreciating my dog stage yet. He needs to age a bit still. 

Daniel Brett: Okay. Chocolate pecan pie day. Okay, there you go. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. I just wanna tell you guys that I will not be in the office on December 5th. For it is Dave the ninja. 

Alicia Floyd: Oh, and that's the day that you wanted because that's what you wanna be when you grow up.

Daniel Brett: That is. That's right. Oh, ninja. Big callback. I remember. Or you will be in the office. We just won't know it. He'll be 

Alicia Floyd: very stealthy. 

Daniel Brett: Nice. The entire campus will just be empty, but everyone will still be here. Yeah. I think my office is pretty dark already. That's also going to be bump into a friend in the vent day.

Oh my goodness gracious. Oh gosh. It's the best way to get around without being seen. Noodle ring day. What's a noodle? 

Tim Ribaric: I think, I hope that's a family appropriate term whenever it is. 

Daniel Brett: I'm pretty sure it's like a way to cook noodles, but I'm sure these are links that link to, oh, that looks really tasty. Oh my goodness.

Good 

Tim Ribaric: thing we're using this audio medium to talk about how lovely something looks. 

Daniel Brett: So this appears to be basically a donut made out of pasta. It's like a little casserole shaped like a donut, and it's called a noodle. Did 

Alicia Floyd: you guys have lunch 

Daniel Brett: yet? I did. I did, yeah. Did you? 

Alicia Floyd: Yeah. But now I'm 

Tim Ribaric: hungry. Put a pillow on your fridge day.

What does that mean? Why would you put a pillow on your fridge? To bring good luck and wealth to your home? Oh, because it is put a pillow on your fridge day. What day is that of the year? May 20. We should really remember that house we celebrate should, okay. It gives you a good instructions. Put a pillow on your fridge to bring luck.

Make sure you let your other family members know that you are celebrating the day less they think you are turning the fridge into your bed. 

Daniel Brett: Those are good instructions. That is very helpful Instructions. You don't hear 

Tim Ribaric: l very often these 

Daniel Brett: days. I feel like what we need to do is we need to print out this list and put it up in the Ds.

It's very long. This would be many pages long. But print it out and then every single day we go into the dsl. We check the day, and then we find a way to celebrate as 

Tim Ribaric: best we can. My bucket's got a whole day, 

Daniel Brett: is that actually can 

Tim Ribaric: May 30th. Yeah. God, how to celebrate. Listen to the song by the same name.

Yep. There you go. Trick someone by making a hole in their bucket. So Daniel, I'm gonna need you to bring your bucket in 

Daniel Brett: on May 30th for no nefarious reason whatsoever. 

Tim Ribaric: No, we have some shoveling to do and 

Daniel Brett: we'll definitely need a bucket. Oh, okay. I will. Yep. I will bring in my favorite bucket that I definitely don't wanna hold in.

Tim Ribaric: All right, one, one more riddle. I'll give you a riddle. Okay. Answer this, please. I am weightless, but you can see me. Put me in a bucket and I'll make it lighter. What am I'm 

Alicia Floyd: weightless and you can or can't see me. 

Tim Ribaric: But you can see me. 

Alicia Floyd: I'm weightless, but you can see me. Put 

Tim Ribaric: me in a bucket. Oh, you guys are gonna hate this when you hear the answer.

We're celebrating. Hole in a bucket. 

Alicia Floyd: Oh, it's the hole. 

Tim Ribaric: Yep. There you go. 

Alicia Floyd: It's a hole. I'm so smart. 

Daniel Brett: You're pretty smart. It's a shame to see you go because clearly I need it. I needed a whole brainstorming session just for this one. Riddle. wait. Let's draw 

Tim Ribaric: some diagrams here. I dunno what's going on?

I'm missing something 

Daniel Brett: in here. So what gases are visible? I know I'm and lighter than air. 

Alicia Floyd: If we turn the bucket upside down and pump 

Daniel Brett: helium into it. Okay. It's clearly like some hydrogen mix because then it's lighter than air. But how is it visible? What gases are vi Oh man, my brain went way too deep on that.

Tim Ribaric: The list of days is very heavy duty, so you can't give it nothing but 100% of your brain power. 

Daniel Brett: Oh, this is the day that we'll have to bring Alicia back for an episode is September 10th, which is swap ideas day. 

Alicia Floyd: That's also my son's birthday. 

Daniel Brett: Cool. 

Alicia Floyd: What else is on such a, so we can bring him in and swap some 

Daniel Brett: ideas.

We can swap ideas. And then just a few days later is Positive Thinking Day. Ooh, that's a good one. And chocolate milkshake day. Perfect. So we've got some legit ones. Then we got some food ones. Oh man, this is a little lot of fun. I think this is a good way to, oh, collect 

Tim Ribaric: June. Collect 

Daniel Brett: Rocks Day, June 8th.

Best Friend's day, guacamole 

Tim Ribaric: day. Oh, I. International Country Music Day. That's one that I will not be observing. 

Daniel Brett: Oh, I'd be all about that one. Gimme some Nickelback any day. That's not country music. That is country rock. Oh god. It's theist of country rock. Oh, 

Tim Ribaric: I don't know where to take that, but all I can say is that you're wrong.

Daniel Brett: You and many other people have said that. And my argument is everyone has different. So who are you to tell me what mine 

Tim Ribaric: is? No, you can like what you like, but Nickelback is not country music 

Alicia Floyd: according to the Google. Oh, it is a post grunge hard rock pop. Rock alternative metal. There 

Tim Ribaric: you go. Daniel doesn't mention country.

Not even once. 

Daniel Brett: No. Eh, if you play it in a barn, it's country. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. Say that about 

Alicia Floyd: anything. I was gonna say I did. I'd like to see you play Prince in a barn and call that country. We have, 

Daniel Brett: we've played a lot of things in the barn. Oh man. Vinyl cafe. Good memories. I like relaxation day immediately followed by tele joke.

So you have to make sure that you get your relaxation in the day before, cuz you're just gonna be bombarded with puns the following day. Oh gosh. Happiness happens. Day comes right after International Beer Day.

All right, we're just blasting around this list. Having a good time. I wanted this to be a lighter episode a lot. Relaxing and less stressful. Not that we ever have stressful episodes where we talk about dark, serious subjects like the space not opening 

Tim Ribaric: math 2.0 day. What does that mean? Is that just like questions that answer in 2.0?

Like what is 1.0 and 1.0 and that's all you're allowed to celebrate that 

Daniel Brett: day? So only. 

Alicia Floyd: There's probably a math 1.0 day, so it's like the harder math day. Oh, 

Tim Ribaric: that's right. It's the sequel. Oh, math revenge. 

Daniel Brett: Math revenge. There seems to be a lot of a nice even mix in here. There's lots of food days, there's lots of math days.

I see Pyy Pythian Theorem Day right here. There's all sorts. Fun stuff. Definitely check out this list. And don't forget the real list, the one by the United Nations where it's the things that actually matter. 

Tim Ribaric: Links will be in the show notes. 

Daniel Brett: Yes. So thank you for for joining us on our adventure through the days of days.

It is slightly more relaxed, but still quite fun. Hopefully podcast. And that's all the time we have for right now. Let's pull into Port and Drop Anchor. Thank you as always for joining us on our voyage through the Sea of Digital Scholarship. Make sure to check out our upcoming workshops on experience BU and Eventbrite, and if you have any comments, suggestions, or cool ideas, please let us know at either dsl, at brockie.ca or on our social media.

We have them all almost. So for now, we will say, see you next time to our listeners, and we will give a fond farewell for now to Alicia as she embarks on her next big adventure.

