Ep33
===

Daniel Brett: Hello and welcome to episode 33 of Steering the Digital Scholarship, like a fancy meal at a restaurant. We're gonna start with an hors DEU in the form of an icebreaker question as we normally do. So we will ask a question to those of us gathered Here we have myself Daniel, we have Tim that you know, and special guest returning returning guest.

Sharon is here from the map data, N G I S library.

We're gonna kick it off with what is your favorite food that you have cooked yourself. 

Tim Ribaric: You're restricting me to a very short list of things, Daniel. 

Daniel Brett: Hey, we're 33 episodes in. We've gotta, we've gotta really be specific so that we have options going on into the future for these icebreaker record questions.

We 

Tim Ribaric: want the fanfic to really represent who we are as people, is what you're saying? Yeah. Gotcha. I really thought you'd do like a record. Riff on a record, cuz you know, like an LP is 33 and a half speed. So I was really thinking it might have had something to do with records, but food is more important anyways.

What do you think, Sharon? I would fully 

Sharon Janzen: agree. Food is more important

Tim Ribaric: then. What's your answer to the question? I'm stalling so that I can come up with something. Oh, okay. 

Sharon Janzen: I have an answer. I, oh yeah. I had, I thought about this and what immediately came to mind is something I haven't made for a long time, but it is so good. You take a pork tenderloin and you slice it into like medallions and wrap it in bacon and put some spices on it, and then grill it.

Tim Ribaric: So good. Yeah. Yeah. That would do it. What do you call that? 

Sharon Janzen: It's just a pork tender line with bacon. It was the, is the title of the recipe, but it's from the Weber Barbecue grilling recipe book. So it's an official thing. It's not made up by me, but I have made it. I hope 

Daniel Brett: that counts. Of course.

Yeah, for sure. 

Tim Ribaric: What about you? 

Daniel Brett: My number one favorite food, and I make this quite often when we have the ingredients, it is three cheese, grilled cheese. So it's just a nice rye bread. I have three different types of cheese. Usually it's cheddar, mozzarella, and Swiss. And then I put sliced ham and onions.

Oh, nice. And a little bit of honey. And then I grill the whole. 

Tim Ribaric: A little bit of honey. Oh my gosh. You have a child's sweet tooth for your palate, 

Daniel Brett: don't you? Oh yeah I do. I like that sweet and savory combo. And boy does that have it. Oh 

Tim Ribaric: boy. That's funny. I can't say anything because I still don't have an answer to the question cuz I can't remember the last time I made something that wasn't ramen.

So you, you both know my unhealthy addiction to ramen and how much I enjoy it. I even bought get this re recently from Amazon. I got a whole crate of ramen delivered to my place. The really obscure I think it's Indonesia, Ramen that, is like 40 cents a package at the grocery store. But I bought a box of 40 for something like $30.

Less than a bucket piece. And it's just pure sodium. That's my answer. Daniel, will you accept it? Ramen, dirty Ramen. That, It is 

Daniel Brett: a food that you cook yourself technically. And if that's your favorite, which is implied heavily by the amount of it you eat, then yeah, that absolutely satisfies the question.

Excellent. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, cuz I would say, yeah, frequency is what is what dictates, how much I like something. So there you go. Ramen and coffee must be the two favorite things I have in this. Coffee and 

Sharon Janzen: coffee. Yes. 

Daniel Brett: That would be an interesting combination. Eating together, ramen and coffee. 

Tim Ribaric: Daniel.

Don't put these ideas in my head cuz Next episode I'm gonna be reporting back about how I sodium and caffeined myself close to being, passing out. 

Daniel Brett: I guess if the coffee's hot enough, you could use it instead of water in the ramen, although I don't know that would be a good flavor combination.

Tim Ribaric: We'll have to investigate this, yep. Yeah. We could start off, you could start off with just some some crystals from like a what is it? Sanka the freeze dried coffee? You just add a few of that in the soup you're making and see if you can pick a flavor to really offset it.

Oh boy. I'm onto something here, so I'm gonna have to stop this podcast and start my food podcast. So I'm gonna sign off now if that's all right. 

Daniel Brett: No, you're not allowed to go. So that sounds for the most part, like a lot of tasty options. But now that we're done with that, let's go ahead and we're gonna sound our lovely horn and move on to the main course for the day.

All right, so today we are going to be revisiting our discussion about online workshops. If you remember our last podcast, we were planning to do three different workshops and we were very excited. It was going to be our first time running online workshops and we made a promise that we would come back and talk about how it went after the fact.

Those three workshops have come and gone. In the last couple of weeks, and now we're back to, to rehash those questions just in a slightly different frame because it has now happened and we're looking back. 

Tim Ribaric: So what do you suggest we name this episode, Daniel? Something like the sequel or Redux, workshop, time redux or attack of the workshop.

Memories of Days gone by. 

Daniel Brett: I think we should just call it. Sharon mentioned she said this phrase earlier that I really liked with all the food talk going on we should call it Recipe for success. There 

Tim Ribaric: we go. Okay. I have to say, I thought I was like thick with the dad jokes, but boy oh boy.

Sharon, you win the crown for that one. Thank you. I'll use it as a title, but I'm gonna put it in scare.

Daniel Brett: All right, so just like the last episode we're going to go through and I've prepared some interview questions. We are going to. Interview each of us in turn, and we will see what has changed about our opinions now that we've actually run the workshop and we'll tell you how they went. 

Tim Ribaric: So let's let's give the at home listener a few moments to jump back to episode 32 and listen to it all in its entirety for this 30 plus minutes.

All. Okay. So we'll just wait here. 

Daniel Brett: We're gonna sit in silence for 30 minutes. 

Tim Ribaric: No. Okay. Sorry. Through the magic of editing, I can tell you that we did sit here for a half hour waiting for you to listen to a previous episode. So welcome back everybody. 

Daniel Brett: Yes. Thank you very much for pausing for that half an hour to go and revisit our past glories to start.

I'm gonna interview Tim because he hates going first, so I'm going to make him go first. 

Tim Ribaric: That's all. Also part of the fanfic. Okay? Sure. 

Daniel Brett: Here we go. Right off the back, describe your workshop, Tim. You described it before, but now let's let's hear your description in a post-workshop. 

Tim Ribaric: So if if his, any historical revisionism has happened since that.

So I guess what I attempted to do, and you were both in the room so you could tell me, is, was teach people some introductory points about the Python programming language using a platform called My Binder, which worked okay. And the workshop similarly I think covered. A little too much material for what I, for what?

I scoped it out, I think. 

Daniel Brett: All right. And did you feel that the preparations that you made tho those extra special preparations, especially for it being an online workshop, did you feel like they worked out well? Or that they could have been changed or that actually working through and implementing them, you discovered new things that would work better next time?

Tim Ribaric: I think the the big. Reassuring point that I got out of the prep that I did was that I appreciated the Jupyter Notebook style delivery that I came up with, and I put a lot of effort into making it structured so that each question had a question number. And that things were fairly self-contained.

So if you lost track and you had to catch up later on, it wasn't, you didn't have too much of a struggle to do that. So I think with respect to that, I think it went absolutely well and I wouldn't change that sort of delivery method. So that, that was perfect. The one not as a, it's a free service run by a good group of individuals, but the, my binder.

Dot org GitHub to Notebook saying was flaky, and then it dropped off in a, for a few people. So I guess that's the only part that I'm unpleased with. I need to go back to the drawing board to see how I can bring a Jupyter Notebook into a live presentation for a group of people in a workshop.

Daniel Brett: Overall it did seem to go quite well. Now, before in the last episode, we talked about what worries we might have about the upcoming workshops. Were your worries realized or were they nothing to be concerned with in the end? 

Tim Ribaric: I think, I don't know exactly what I said last time. I didn't review the episode, but I think my biggest concern was that there was gonna be someone yippy or yapping in the room, telling me how incorrect I am and then derailing it for everyone else.

And then I think fortunately that didn't happen, and maybe it's a topic we'll touch upon as this goes on, but it was, for the most part it's like dead silence. Yeah, it was the exact opposite, of what my concern was. And no one tried to take over the floor or create, not necessarily hassle, but, friction to slow the class down.

Yeah, all told my worries, were not realized because they didn't happen, and I felt pretty confident about that. So 

Daniel Brett: That's perfect. Aside from me being yippy, of course, in the chat, sending you little, Hey, maybe this is wrong, you should try that. Yeah. I was. Bothersome, I'm sure. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh no. The it's nice to, when you're screaming into the void, it's nice to hear something back from someone who's sitting there.

Daniel Brett: And just overall after this experience, did everything go the way that you hoped it would? So do you feel like it was a success? Do you feel like the learners left with a sense of accomplishment? 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, I think so. I think the I got across what I was hoping to, I think the only drawback or thing that I would take a closer look at is the amount of time.

So I think I didn't give myself enough time to cover what I wanted to cover, so as, once again, we'll probably get into later on when I rerun this thing I've tacked on an extra half hour, so it's no longer 90 minutes. It's a full 120. And I think I'll still cut out some of the material that I had prepared from last time just to make sure that I've got enough bumper on both sides and not to overwhelm people in the last minutes of the session.

Yeah that's how I would answer that, all right. 

Daniel Brett: It sounds like it was a success. 

Tim Ribaric: Thank you. I'll take your word for it. 

Daniel Brett: All right, so now it's time to turn over to Sharon. I hope you're ready. I'm here.

Again, just like with Tim describe your workshop. 

Sharon Janzen: So my workshop was an introduction to Rrc, t i s online. And it was a very basic introduction to the technology and we were mapping Covid, 19 cases for Southern Ontario. And that just gave an example of the fact that anything that has a geographic component to it can be mapped.

And then we aggregated that data based on the public health unit boundaries. And I think that it gave a really good kind of basic introduction to the attendees. And I think it 

Daniel Brett: went. Excellent. So you made a lot of preparations beforehand. Did all of your did all the preparations you made, did they work out or were some of them not quite as good or exceptionally good?

Sharon Janzen: I would say it all went really well. I. Wasn't sure about the whole demo and do method, so I demonstrated. A task or the technology. And then I gave them a a task to do to complete on their own. And that's the kind of how I would facilitate an in-class instruction would be like a demonstrate, and then have them do it.

I did not know how that was gonna go for an online session, but I think it worked pretty good. And I didn't cover as much as I wanted to in my original plan but it did work out perfect. I had 10 minutes to spare at the end. So the preparations kind. Yeah. They all 

Daniel Brett: worked. Excellent.

Yeah it's always good when you prepare something and then it goes well. So the worries that you had before going into this I imagine there was at least a few were any of them realized or were they really nothing to be concerned about in the end? 

Sharon Janzen: I would say my worries were definitely warranted given the unchartered territory, the, to the demo do workshop kind of thing.

Had I've never attended something like this before. I've attended a lot of webinars and online events, but nothing like a hands-on event. Scenario like this demo do workshop. But I think it went over very well. All things considered. And basically my biggest oops was leaving two people in the lobby waiting that was, yeah.

Daniel Brett: And that's just a hiccup that comes from using technology that you're not familiar with. And there's a lot going on. It's hard to keep track of the chat and the participants list and the waiting room, all that stuff. So it's, that is just the nature of the beast, unfortunately. Yeah. 

Sharon Janzen: Yeah. And I'm glad, like we recorded the whole session and I was able to share that with the folks that didn't make it into the session, and they were very appreciative to have the those resources available to them.

So it was good. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah, from what I saw, everyone seemed to be really enjoying themselves. Very involved. I thought. Quite telling of the quality of the workshop with how involved everyone was in the chat and making comments and getting excited. I think that it just, from the viewer standpoint, I, I think it looked pretty, pretty good.

Did everything go the way you, so you definitely planned a lot. Did it go the way you wanted it? Yes, 

Sharon Janzen: absolutely. It was even better. Like I knew I would enjoy it, like I was stressed in my preparations because of the technology and this whole new environment that we're working in.

But, I knew it was gonna be fun, and it was a really good experience. I had a great turnout. I think I had 16 or 17 attendees, which was better than 50% of of folks who signed up. And for all of our sessions really, we had people from all around the world, from Nepal and Ireland, Scotland, England, Toronto, and so on.

And I got some. From the fella from Nepal that was joining in and he said, I am so excited. It's one o'clock in the morning here and I can't go to sleep. I'm too excited. Wow. I'm like, yes. Right on. 

Daniel Brett: Exactly what you want to hear. Exactly. Yeah. It 

Tim Ribaric: was so good. That's very good. You write that down on your annual review, Sharon.

That's for sure. Oh yeah, some Nepalese man up in the middle of the night due to my impact, impactful teaching. That's right. 

Daniel Brett: If anything speaks to the character of your teaching it's that. Thank you. Thanks. All right. Thank you very much Sharon. And unfortunately for me it is now time to to swap rolls.

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. So Daniel here, take this hat and I'll take yours. We'll switch those just like we did last time here. Have a seat in this chair. Makeup will be by in just a moment to get you ready for your interview. Ju do you need a water or anything from the production assistant? 

Daniel Brett: Nope. Nope. Oh man.

Someday though. Someday. 

Tim Ribaric: All right. So let's let's greet our next guest. And that is Daniel Brett, the gentleman whose voice you've been hearing running the episode. And he's joined us today to talk about The work he's done with a workshop that he's presented this past month. So first, Daniel, if you could tell us, could you describe your workshop for us, please?

Yeah, 

Daniel Brett: absolutely. So the workshop that I was running was on the R programming language, and specifically an introductory to the R language and the R Studio interface, which is the most popular interface used for work in the R language. On top of that it was the new RStudio Cloud interface, which very similar to our studio, except you don't need to download it.

It's accessible anywhere as long as you have internet. It's it's pretty cool. Definitely not sponsored by our studio cloud. Thank you.

Tim Ribaric: Thank God to you. Hey. Okay. 

Daniel Brett: It's such a great tool. How could they. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, sure. As as longtime listers will know that, Daniel and I are on opposite sides of a lifelong feud that is r versus Python. So we, we have this kind of fun every episode in case you're tuning in for the first time. Daniel, thank you for the summary of your workshop.

Can you can you talk about the preparations that you made for it and and what did you do to ensure that the session was gonna go well? So 

Daniel Brett: the preparations that I. We're mostly just adjusting my workshop down significantly. So I've run this workshop in classrooms using the desktop version of our studio cloud, and it's always been a follow along.

So I'm doing something and all my attendees are sitting in front of a computer and they follow along as I do it, but that unfortunately doesn't work in this format because, Quite often the people that are watching you in order to see what you're doing, they have what you're doing on their full screen and they don't always have two monitors, so they can't actually follow along it.

And as Sharon mentioned it has to be you show and then they do. And my preparation was to chop out a good chunk of the workshop. It did not work out. The workshop still ran about half an hour long and I got the meat and potatoes out and done. So I hope that my attendees.

We're satisfied and an extra thank you to the four attendees who stayed for that last little bit to run through the last of the material. And of course the, it was recorded, so I was able to send it out to the people who had to leave at the scheduled end time. But that was my biggest preparation and unfortunately it did not work out.

Tim Ribaric: Let's see. So let me ask you the hardest hitting question we have here for you. Were your worries realized or were they nothing to be concerned about with in the end, 

Daniel Brett: my worries were realized. I was absolutely, I was so worried when I was preparing. About the length, and I thought I cut out half of the content.

No way. It's too long, but nope, it was too long. My worries were absolutely realized. And then some of the other worries I had, like I, I only learned the cloud version of our studio a couple weeks before the workshop as a prep preparation, and I wasn't sure. Like how it would work with people from other countries and what the access was like or if it required a certain internet connection or amount of bandwidth or stuff like that.

So that worry was completely unfounded. It the tool worked great. Our studio cloud by now. 

Tim Ribaric: But yeah. I thought you said it was free. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah, buy it for free now on the internet. Yeah. Yep. Gotcha. Don't sponsor us. I'm not very good at sponsorships, but yeah. So yeah, my, my big worry was realized, but it was a learning experience and it has really helped me take another look at the workshops that I run and it pulled a filter off of my eyes where I've.

Said, I want to teach them as much as possible, whereas now it's what is the most important. So it's a small distinction, but it is a very major distinction in terms of learning something. 

Tim Ribaric: Then thank you for being so honest with us with your answer for that question. And then despite your look at it that it was, your worst nightmare realized, which I think you're being too hard on yourself.

Did everything go the way you'd hoped it would outside of your home? Small. Yeah, small, 

Daniel Brett: aside from running long it went perfectly and I was blown away at the response. I had two very active people. One a lady from England and one, a lady from Spain, and they were on like five or six hour time difference, but they were right in it and very active and they were the first ones to have their responses in the chat when.

Posted questions up on the screen and it was just, it was really satisfying and very interesting to see just people coming together from all over the world. So it, it really went better than I could have hoped. I was very worried that doing something new that, that fear of the unknown. That it was all gonna fall apart or the call was gonna cut out and everyone was gonna be left stranded.

And it was, oh. But no, it worked perfectly and I was really happy with the result and I got a lot of positive feedback and it was just really nice. Yeah it definitely went the way I hoped it would aside from the length. 

Tim Ribaric: Very good. Thank you for joining us today, Daniel.

And we look forward to seeing your auto or your new collaboration book come out. Our studio and Daniel. Things to do with data science. I'm looking forward to seeing that book. 

Daniel Brett: It's gonna be great. Yep. Coming in 2045.

Right on. All right I'll take my hat 

Tim Ribaric: back. Oh, yeah, sorry. Here. Yeah I suppose you'll need that. Yep. There you 

Daniel Brett: are. For the listeners at home we are miles apart right now. This is all fiction. We're not breaking any quarantine rules. Don't worry. 

Tim Ribaric: The metaphorical hat, right? Yes, Sharon. You know what we're talking about, the metaphorical hat we're passing back and forth.

I agree.

Daniel Brett: One other thing I wanted to talk about is just we've mentioned it a couple times. The international audience that comes with online workshops. That was the most unexpected aspect of this entire experience for me. And I was just, I was blown away at the response, the global response to workshops that we posted.

On our Cute Little event, bright Page. And what are you guys' take on that? What are your feelings? 

Tim Ribaric: I, it's Yeah, absolutely remarkable. I'm in the same camp as you. Yeah. And I'm thinking to myself, how did people come across this? We have, just as a background for the logistics of how this works for everyone who's listening we host.

The workshops in Eventbrite, that's where the signup page is. However, they're also in the institution, so Brocks sort of workshop portal, it's called Experience bu, and all the workshops, different student clubs run and stuff are located and listed in that platform. So we just. List the our stuff in both of those spots.

And then once or twice I'll squawk about it on our Twitter account. And then Sharon will also squawk about it from her personal and like her and that the corresponding map data, g i s library, Twitter account as well. So we get those are our only venues and we don't you. Add them to mailing lists or to newsletters that are sent out to library users.

That's basically it. We just put a little sign out on the front yard to say, stop by here if you want a workshop. And and we got that turnout. Yeah. It was it was ridiculous. Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. 

Sharon Janzen: It was pretty, pretty neat to see people from all over the world have a presence in our workshops and the time change, like not.

Realizing we have this international audience. My, my session was from two to three 30 and I didn't realize it was. One o'clock in the morning in May, Paul. But yeah, it was fun to have an international audience. 

Tim Ribaric: So the other thing that this all sort of brings to attention for me is that we're in the industry we're in is a pretty resilient one.

Things are pretty bad with the global pandemic and, Economies have slowed down and people are questioning a lot of things about their livelihood. Education is always always a, an alternative or it's always something people seek out. When times are tough.

No one sort of steps away and says, I can't get more skills. I just have to stick with what I have here. And, tough it out. It's always the option to like, you know what, maybe I should see what's available and update myself and that, and I think in our small corner of the world, our sort of workshop series we did in May was a perfect example of the need and the challenge of doing.

Daniel Brett: Yeah I really enjoyed the workshop more than I thought I would, and I'm really happy that we are going to be doing some more workshops. Just as a not so shameless plug, we have more workshops coming in a similar vein. Some of them, the same workshops, some of them new and exciting workshops we have.

Python. We have ArcGIS online and we have the R language. I believe there's a couple for some of those topics. And I really hope that some of you will listen to this and join in and. Come see our workshops here, regardless of where you are in the world. And that's another thing.

What if all those people, maybe at the end of the pod the workshops, we should say, Hey, check out our podcast and we can get a new international listener audience as well. 

Tim Ribaric: There you go. And watch all that. Our money just come rolling in after 

Daniel Brett: that. Oh yeah. Every view gets me. Free. More free stuff.

Hey, more free. Yeah. I get paid $0 for this sponsorship, but all of those zeros will definitely add up someday when math changes and zero means something else. 

Tim Ribaric: You just gotta stick a one in front of all those zeros somehow and boom, you're rolling in it. What's the the other thing I'll mention those.

Listening to the podcast might notice that the logo is different in this time around We as faithful listeners will know our original trio of knuckleheads composed of Alicia Floyd, as well as Daniel and I, Alicia took a position in a different spot in the library, and then our logo was unfortunately out of sorts on account of that.

So we've commissioned the artist to create something new for us. So if if you like it, let us know on social. Or review us on Yelp, I don't know. 

Daniel Brett: And if you have any suggestions, feel free to give us suggestions as well. We're, we are always open to proper feedback. Not just criticism, but a critical eye never hurts.

There you go. All right. With that, I think it's time for us to drop our anchor out in these somewhat stormy seas.

All right. Now, as you mentioned, make sure to check out our upcoming workshops on Eventbrite or experience bu if you are a Brock affiliate. And as always, if you have any questions or comments, feel free to contact us at dsl@brocku.ca or on social media. We are on most of them. Not not the TikTok yet, but someday.

Thank you for joining us on our voyage through these troubled seas. The waves are getting a bit shorter and the rain's a bit lighter, but we aren't outta the storm yet, so keep safe out there.

