Ep34
===

Tim Ribaric: Hello, and welcome to episode 34 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. Today you're stuck with me, Tim, for your host. For today's episode, we'll be chatting with Brock Makerspace coordinator Tabitha Lewis.

Hey Taba, how are you doing today? 

Tabitha Lewis: I am actually doing pretty good. Thank you for Brak. 

Tim Ribaric: On how any long plan or any long plans for the weekend. What I meant to say was, any plans for the long weekend? 

Tabitha Lewis: There you go. Plans for a long weekend. I normally don't have any plans, but a lot of people end up at my.

And, despite Covid and all the restrictions, I feel like that's still gonna happen. Oh boy. So probably just family time hanging out with 

Tim Ribaric: family, that's cool. That's cool. I what more can you ask for? You got all that time off of work. It's best not to, it's best not to do any work.

Exactly. That's the plan, right? Very cool. Yeah. So like for posterity purposes, I want it, on the podcast record that the holiday this year fell on a Wednesday. Entitling us to having bad day off. And then one more floater day that you're allowed to, to use whenever you wanted to.

However the president of the university gave us all the Thursday and Friday off, so we're all looking at five day weekends, which is pretty awesome. 

Tabitha Lewis: Wonderful. Do we still get to use the floater day or does You sure do. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. That thing doesn't go away, so that's pretty awesome.

So yeah, now that we're all thinking about the long weekend instead of this podcast. I wanted to ask you now this is, you'll have to search your memory banks, but do you remember the last time that you were on the podcast? 

Tabitha Lewis: I do. It was in your office with Alicia and Daniel. 

Tim Ribaric: Very cool.

Good times. That's great. You have a better memory than me cuz I had to check our archives to come up with when it was you were last chatting and hanging out with us. And it was 11 months ago. 11 months. Wow. Can you imagine what the world was like 11 months ago? I couldn't even do it.

Tell you the truth. 

Tabitha Lewis: It was, I guess a little bit simpler. Yeah, you. Everybody had offices and could, talk to each other and less than six feet. Yeah, 

Tim Ribaric: exactly. Yeah. Didn't you know, it didn't get food dropped off once a week. You could actually go to the store yourself and all of that, right?

Yeah, exactly. Oh boy. Yeah, it was a simpler time 11 months ago, and maybe we will. Conversation won't be as carefree as it was back then, but perhaps we'll have the same amount of laughs like we did last time, hopefully. Oh, 

Tabitha Lewis: for sure. Cool. 

Tim Ribaric: The reason I was hoping to have you on the episode today was to talk about.

Your experience in particular and then also the makerspace and its experience with covid and pandemic when everything happened. So I was wondering if you could take us back to when the stay at home stuff started how exactly the Makerspace responded and please embellish and I wanna hear the story about the PPE stuff 

for 

Tabitha Lewis: sure.

Yes. How the makerspace responded. We were like, all right, pack your bags, let's go. No. So yes, people were, I guess all really anxious and unsure about what actually Covid 19 meant and how How pervasive it was and how quickly things would rapidly change and evolve.

And so there was a lot of just mystery around it all. So at least for myself, I was okay time to think differently. Time to, I have a lot of adminis. Tasks with student staff and stuff like that. So I went to that mode of okay, let's communicate to students.

Let's figure out how get equipment back that is already out and doing that kind of stuff. And then I had or I have some colleagues that are outside of Brock, but we still stay in touch and very connected. So it was like the seven. For the 18th, I'm not sure where we got the news.

Everybody go home. And then I think the following day or the day after, I got a WhatsApp message from a good friend and he's Hey, did you check this out? And literally maybe a few minutes earlier I was looking into how 3D printers are being. To create p e because that was the first bit of news that came out.

We're all at a ppe. We don't have enough, we can't get it, and all this other stuff. So it, it immediately sparked my mind thinking okay how can we help? And so I got that message from a friend and then I saw an article and then maybe an hour later I got forwarded a message from like the VP of research.

Based on messages that Justin Trudeau mentioned, like all hands on deck, wow. Universities and, people that have this equipment see if he could help out. So I maybe had a day at home and the next day was like, okay, time to research and make some d p e Cool. And so in between that day it was a lot of talking with.

Jonathan, the head of library systems and getting the kind of Hey, can we do this? Can we do this? I wanna do this. It was a day of that, and then yeah, everything happened really quickly. Quickly. I apologize if things are out of 

Tim Ribaric: oh gosh. No. No worries. There's, we're everyone who's listening will be on the edge of their seat listening to the story.

Let me tell you. Yeah, I think it's really cool that, you said you, a day later, you were you. At it. There was no downtime. So I think that's really impressive. A lot of people had no option but just stay in their house and pace around and get, thinking about things but not actually doing stuff, however.

You had the, amazing opportunity in the wherewithal to start working on something. That's pretty awesome. 

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah. And it was great because like I said, it wasn't an original idea. We saw what was happening on the news at least. The article that was shared with ink Smith in Hamilton, which is not university or any type of like academic institution, it's just a small business.

And they, created like a template of, okay, this is how you can help. And so that's where it started. We weren't really planning on having this production of ppe. We're just like, okay, let's help this organization who's helping a larger. People. Right on. But then it because we were in our specific Niagara region I think Jonathan pointed out let's maybe just focus on this region because they're helping Waterloo region.

And so from there, connecting with different people from the Niagara region. And e m s, and we built a little plan of action like, this is who we can help and this is how we can help. And, Blossomed from there. 

Tim Ribaric: Wow. Right on. That's cool. And then so yeah, then when all the initial kinks were worked out and you had all the logistics set up, you were spending a lot of time on campus, attending to the 3D printers and making sure the production of these things went through. Tell me how that felt like, and then being on campus when, everyone else is told to stay away from it. 

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah, I guess cuz I didn't really have that much time away from campus. I didn't, it didn't really click in as something dangerous or extra to do.

It was just like, oh yeah, I'm gonna continue coming on campus. And I think initially they didn't have that much of a system set in place in terms of like security and checking in and all sort of stuff. So I, I was just coming in every day trying to get the ball rolling. And so what really amped things up from me just doing research and getting the printers ready was after we had decided as the makerspace that we would help out EMS via Niagara region Brock News wrote a article and that kind of spread the word on campus.

And then a bunch of people started employees and. Started saying, Hey love what you're doing. How can I help? So it switched from Oh, wow. Okay. Yep. Yeah. Switched from me. Trying to make a bunch of things to coordinating people and efforts and yeah getting all of our efforts kind to work synchronously and effect efficiently, so that we could impact the Naga region 

Tim Ribaric: Specif. Wow. That's really interesting. So it, would it, if I'm recounting this correctly, it's going through these different phases, right? Where it's just an immediate reaction and you're producing these things and then suddenly you're working in this capacity of coordinating others, the the actions of others too. And then Brock is a, I'll say it, Brock has got a pretty good reputation in the community as being a leader I imagine it. Second nature for people to look towards Brock and the makerspace there to see what it was up to. Yeah.

And having said all of that about how many pieces of material would you guess. No. Okay, so you mentioned we went to the Niagara Health System in Negar. Which makes total sense, right? We wanna help out our local community. Ballpark, how many pieces do you think you were responsible for, as well as coordinating others, to I guess I'm trying to ask you if you've measured your impact for this effort and what the fallout was 

Tabitha Lewis: from it.

Yeah Absolutely. So that was the first part of, scrambling to coordinate a bunch of people. Was figuring out a way to track what we were doing because, in this role everything needs to be tracked and reported. So it was just second nature let's make an Excel sheet. Sure. So with all the people that came in and offered to help, there was maybe about five or six key contributors, and each of them either had their own. For example, youth University donated their machine because they wouldn't be able to come on campus. We loaned a machine to one of the staff.

Dan Deakin at the time didn't have one, but now he does, and so different people from Maryland Walker everywhere pitched in and started producing. So altogether everyone's efforts on file. Let me pull up my little chart here. Oh yeah, I would say close to 2000. Wow, 

Tim Ribaric: that's 

Tabitha Lewis: very cool.

From like the end of March, I would say to like the middle of May cuz things have slowed down. Actually I would say till now cuz we are still getting requests. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, okay. Very cool. 

Tabitha Lewis: But at a significantly slower rate than different than before March, April, and May for sure. But yeah, a lot of people contributed and based on our list including not only face shields but air savers, which were 3D printed as well, and masks.

Over 2000 

Tim Ribaric: for sure. Very cool. And sorry, you said an air save. 

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah. Like how people that wear the regular surgical mask? Yep. Okay. And it goes behind your ears. And what health providers are finding is that it actually was irritating. Okay. The back of their ears. So the ear savers just allowed the plastics straps to hook on.

A plastic kind of Oh, okay. Hook material at the back 

Tim Ribaric: of your head. Yeah. Oh, very cool. So nice. I, yeah, I don't think I've heard the official name for that device, so it's interesting to hear you, you mention it and that was part of your fabrication process. Yes. Part of the menu, yeah. Different pieces.

So that's really cool. So when are you all accepting your award for contributions to society? 

Tabitha Lewis: I dunno. I think we're gonna have a pizza party. I guess I'll let the cat outta the bank now. I really wanted to, commemorate everyone who helped in a very maker way. And so I was gonna design this, interesting little.

Button that was pretty printed that people could have is I helped during 

Tim Ribaric: Covid. Sure, yeah, that would be awesome. Yeah, you've seen those t-shirts from like tourist trap places. I went to Niagara Falls and the I got was a SL T-shirt. Yeah. You'd be like, I survived the Covid Pandemic and the only thing I did was make lifesaving equipment.

Yeah, 

Tabitha Lewis: exactly. Exactly. That's, I think I wanna 

Tim Ribaric: use, Oh, very good. That'd be awesome. Contribute a picture of it to the COVID archive. Just saw that it's on record too. I will. Cool. So it sounds All told though, it was like a, a rough time out there, you still found like a pretty good sense of accomplishment with all this stuff.

And for that, I wanted to applaud you a lot of parts of, campus and then other things too, just sat, shut down and, are slowly now months later. Just showing signs of life, but it's clear to me, and then anyone looking at the news was that groups in organizations like the Makerspace and, as you mentioned, Houston University as a, also a contributor and Dan from the marketing department really everyone just picked up their boots and really helped out, which is pretty awesome.

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah. And just since we're name dropping, let's drop all the names. Yeah, for sure. Of course. Yeah. So like I said, I did an open call and anyone who said they wanted to help, I added them to a teams channel. Yeah. But like I said, it worked out to about maybe five, six contributes.

So we had, Dan Daykin. Was amazing and is amazing. Stepped up and reprinted a bunch of things and connected and, all that stuff. We had Josh Sel who has always come into the maker space. He is like a champion maker in his own right, but during this time he immediately reached out and said, I wanna help.

And so he printed, I think, Over, I would say 700, probably more. Yeah. On his own. And kudos to him. Max halted Anderson from Marilyn, I Walker also, he does the Learning Commons down there and his, is a 3D printing right. Maker on the arts campus. And. Mike Russo from cpi also has a 3D printer, and he helped out greatly.

Oh, wow. Great. We had a bunch of other people helping and doing things not necessarily affiliated with Brock, like Anna, Alison Inks coordinated just people that wanted to help, so those base masks, so that wasn't a Brock initiative, we were able to connect and encourage each.

Along the way totally missing someone. Yeah. Like I said the guys Greg from Youth University and Michelle yeah, I'm probably missing someone, but those individuals definitely stepped up. Oh, how could I forget the machine shop? Oh, right on. So Gary McDonald and Steven Rendev even Carol McIntosh.

From printing services in the machine shop at the certain point where we didn't have enough resources or people to print on campus, they jumped in and they were able to help out greatly in producing larger quantities. Yeah it was a lot of people that were coming. So push it forward and it was great 

Tim Ribaric: to work with everybody.

That's awesome. That's, that sounds like a it's definitely, Tabitha, I don't know if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a pessimist. Just something I'll mention. Probably. No way. Yeah. Probably nothing you've noticed. But it's nice, unequivocally, this is just a all around good feel, good news story even I can't feel grumpy about this in some respect, cuz there's nothing to feel grumpy about. Yay. So that's a bit about the past. So now I was hoping I can ask you about Your thoughts and how things are going for the maker space upcoming for the fall. So now I guess the picture I'll try to paint is that, we built this beautiful new space on campus right at the door of the the school. Lots of sun and beautiful open air. But now we're in this position where we can have. Anyone on campus and a lot of the makerspace programming and opportunities and services there are very much contingent on, interacting with apparatus and building and creating and stuff wondering what's your strategy, if you've got one, or what kind of direction are you planning for when the fall rolls around? 

Tabitha Lewis: Yes. Yeah, definitely. We're gonna be pivot. From making p e just because since then, since like May, there's tons of new resources that are available for different groups to acquire p e.

And so that's, we're still gonna help coordinate people getting in touch with getting that, but not really focusing on making that. For external partners, we're really focusing on maybe an internal group that might need assistance recreational services maybe security that might eat mask will help them out.

Okay. But in terms of like programming for the fall, we're really just trying to push things into a digital or virtual space. However you wanna sh shape it. So yeah, it is a space that's very much in contingent on, the physicality. Being in this space. But there's so many really great things that can happen because of the internet, because of open source software that can happen outside of the space.

So our goal myself and the Makerspace team is to really bolster and advertise the things that can happen outside of the. Okay. For example, workshops webinars. One of our key ways to track how much people are coming in is through our makerspace drop-ins. So now we're gonna have a virtual drop-in where you can same thing, kind of goal to experience bu see when the drop-in schedule is happening and then you just drop in and we'll have kind of a live synchronous type of chat q and a space for people to share and ask questions.

And then alongside that, we'll have more scheduled, structured information sessions, I would say like webinars or workshop on some of our core. Core services like 3D modeling, C N C modeling, right? And then absolutely promoting self-directed learning. So showing people some of the great resources that are available if they wanna learn on their own face.

So I really wanna stay connected because I know that it's hard to speak about a physical maker space. So we're just trying to make ourselves available to help people still. In a maker fashion but not physically in the major space. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, very cool. So it sounds like it's something you've put a lot of thought into, which is great.

As we record, it's not even July yet, but, I'm sure the rest of the summer will disappear before we know it. Yeah. 

Tabitha Lewis: So we've spent a lot of time kind of combing through Dylan, Devin David. Coming through some of our services and one thing that we are going to offer in a different way is curbside pickup for 3D pr, 3D print.

So if you do wanna print something you can send us a file and we would print it and you can pay for it and pick it up outside of the maker space. So we're still working on the fine. Of that. Sure. Yep. But that's one of the services. But our regular things like our amazing audio lab, unfortunately that will be closed.

The video lab will be closed. The space will be. For the most part closed. We're not loaning out any equipment for safety reasons and sanitizing 

Tim Ribaric: processes. Sure. Understandable. 

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah, definitely. Yeah. So we're limiting some of the regular things, but we're still giving people the option to, at least if they want to print, they can print and get it.

Tim Ribaric: That's great. You mentioned the audio lab. And I tell you, I, I miss that too, cuz I'm recording out of my basement. Sounds great, Tim. I you've masked it. I spend too many, I'm sure it's the problem for all of us. Too much time in meetings with the speaking into a microphone already, it was at least a nice change of pace because you go in there and it felt professional because of all the equip. Yeah. The way the room was set up, so did it did put you in podcast mode a little bit easier. But, one day again soon when things go back to normal or new normal, however they describe that.

I'll book the next episode of the podcast in the audio lab, cuz I definitely wanna record it there again. Please do. Right on. You'd mentioned the other Makerspace staff. How are they holding out with all of this? Are they, I would imagine rising up to the challenge that's being presented to them with all this rethinking of how stuff should be done?

Yeah. Do you call them, do you call them by an interesting name because you got Devin, Dylan, and Dave. They should be like de cubed or something like, is it 

Tabitha Lewis: collective? Yeah. De Cubed. Yeah. No, I'm just gonna give them brand new. Okay. Yeah. Getting too much. But no, yeah, Del Dylan, Devin and Dave we've all so what I tried to do once again when this started is we had the luxury of, sharing an office space, working in the same maker space.

And with that being. And with a lot of the regular tasks being removed, just scheduling a regular weekly check-in kind of chat with them was important. So we just chat every week. And so everyone had their own kind of area that I, Rema recommended that they focus on. Devin was working on the.

And Dylan was combing through serv the services and workflows and Dave was at the workshops that we were gonna be offering. And so we would just meet. Ever so often and talk about things and Right on, go through the kinks and yeah. So the rest of the summer is gonna be kinda 

Tim Ribaric: fun. All that. Yeah.

Part of the reason why I brought them up was just so that I could do that de cubed joke. So 

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah. You didn't want that much detail. It's okay. 

Tim Ribaric: No, I'm not saying that. just saying, I'm saying I know what, where the work they do is impressive and you. Researched, but I needed to, I needed, there's not much I can look forward to tab here.

And the one thing is a bad dad joke cuz I've been told them recently 

Tabitha Lewis: And I need to hear one though. I need to hear one. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh gosh. I can't, you can't just do a dad joke. It's, you gotta have that prepared. I'll send you a lengthy email later with a few of them. How about that? Okay. Done.

Right on. So you mentioned a lot of interesting stuff up and coming. Is there anything else you'd like to plug that the maker space or even you are working on that you want the audience to check out? 

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah, so what we're working on, we are still connected to all the things that are happening at Broth in terms of like smart start and open house.

So you'll definitely see our presence in those. Events that happen regularly at Brock. But we're really trying to curate what our content is gonna be for our workshops. So that should be really fun. What's coming up and we were gonna actually follow in your footsteps and create a makerspace podcast.

Oh, cool. We've yet to actualize that, but it is in. Just to talk about all things making 

Tim Ribaric: it's cool because you've preempted the last question I was gonna ask you when I said I was gonna say, it looks like the makerspace might be experimenting with podcasts and is that true or not?

But it sounds like you're telling me you, you might be dipping your toe in the water soon enough. Might, 

Tabitha Lewis: we might be dipping your toe in the water. Very cool. Trying to create some different virtual experiences. I believe Dylan's working on a virtual version of Makerspace that is kinda gamified a little bit.

Yeah 

Tim Ribaric: There's check out the website, right? Is what you're saying should 

Tabitha Lewis: the best it. So we're trying to just bolster our website so that it has everything anyone would get information about space along with our social media. So yeah, we are, we're just trying to be ready. Comes September, really.

August. So people that, have a good, feel, comfortable, and know about because we're gonna miss those first year visitors and patients. Sure, yeah. That come in excited, so we wanna try to replicate that as possible. 

Tim Ribaric: For sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure a big draw is people walking through that atrium.

Seeing the all the equipment zinging and banging and bopping as it does stuff that it would be. Hard to, I guess you gotta build that enthusiasm somehow, but win, yeah. Have the ability to walk by that stuff and you just entice people at the moment, you know it.

That does, I would imagine. Yeah. A pretty good job. I 

Tabitha Lewis: think you just inspired me to the next time I go on campus to take a little, GoPro video. Oh, cool. Scrolling across the makerspace as all the printers are printing, 

Tim Ribaric: right on. Yeah. Yeah I think I guess we're circling around the idea, but everyone on campus is gonna have to rethink the way things are done.

Yeah. And I suppose it's good we have this summer. Downish time to really think about how we're gonna make that happen for the fall and yeah, I think that's gonna be the big challenge, right? Is is getting the word out. Cuz then, what the library does, what you all do, what the digital scholarship lab does.

I don't doubt for a minute that it's good work and it's changing what the times, but I guess the big challenge is gonna be getting in touch with the audience and making sure that they still know that these things are happening and how we get how we. Part of their mind space, when there's just so much else going on.

Yeah. 

Tabitha Lewis: And the makerspace, for a lot of people when you hear makerspace, it's synonymous with 3D printing, but there's so much, amazing skills that can be built just engaging in maker culture and in making and so we're just really hoping that. Students, the staff really get to still engage in that through the different things that we're trying to offer.

That critical thinking, that problem solving, exploration, the wonder, the wow that often people experience when they come in the maker space. So gonna be a bit more challenging. But I'm definitely keeping an eye on what other universities are doing in terms of how. Being flexible with what they're gonna offer.

And yeah, we hope to offer something great from 

Tim Ribaric: the. That's great. That's great. The one, one question I'll ask you now and then I'll follow up with you at some point in the future. We've been doing a lot of workshops over the, this spring summer period, so just to get us prepped and primed for the fall and learning what we need to expect.

But I tell you what the no-shows for workshops is, is a thing we need to figure out, let me tell you. Yep. I think around, it happens in person too, so it's not necessarily specific. To the online environment, but I think it's a bit easier in the online environment cuz you just don't go.

So yeah, I would say we're close to, no joke around 50% of people that sign up or nohow. So really if you figure out some incentive or some way to to fix or encourage people to go to what they sign up for, please let me know. Cuz that's something I think that's gonna be an interesting topic to put some brain power.

Tabitha Lewis: Yeah, no, that's a good point. I think you had touched on it, prior about, offering people credits or badges and stuff like that. Yeah. There, there needs to be some type of incentive. Luckily we've built a little bit of co I should say a little bit of, we're working closely with different courses where attending a makerspace workshop is a part of the course credit.

Oh, okay. So we've In some of those instances, not had any nohow, but in the instance where this is not a course workshop, we've experienced the same thing and sometimes even worse percentage of nohow. Don't feel alone, Jen. 

Tim Ribaric: Happens to be best. There has to be some challenge to this where it'd be too easy, right?

Tabitha Lewis: Exactly. I think you should like give three gummy bears or something, or I don't know. I don't know. One follow on TikTok every workshop you go to, I don't know. There 

Tim Ribaric: you go. I didn't even think of that. Do people still use Instagram? Maybe like Instagram, or something?

They 

Tabitha Lewis: do. They do. But TikTok is that's where it's 

Tim Ribaric: at now. Yeah, sure. That's the middle. Okay. Interesting. I'll maybe I'll pass that by the marketing team. We'll see what we come up. Right on. Tabatha, thank you for your time today. It's been really great to hear this story of how you've been keeping, and then how.

The makerspace has been keeping as well. Thanks for joining us today. And what we'll do is take the opportunity to draft the anchor here. Would you like to drop the anchor? Drop the anchor. How'd I 

Tabitha Lewis: do that? 

Tim Ribaric: Just reach down. See it's right there. And just throw it over into the water.

Tabitha Lewis: Okay. There it goes. 

Tim Ribaric: All right. Awesome. So thanks to Tabitha again for joining us. And just before we sign off here I'll mention that our summer workshop series is still going strong, and we'll continue to offer some more sessions into July and August as time progresses. Please check out our event and if you're a Brock student or a faculty member, we're also listed on experience bu and a look out for upcoming collaboration with the graduate students.

Associa. All right. Thanks, tab. Good talking to you. All right. Take 

Tabitha Lewis: care.

