Ep35
===

Daniel Brett: Hello and welcome to Steering the Digital Scholarship, episode 35. Today we are sailing into international waters, and so we need to start thinking a bit more globally with today's icebreaker questions. We're just gonna jump right into it. Excellent. What. Your favorite snack food that is not commonly available in Canada.

It's fine if it's something that you can order or make just not local fair. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. Daniel I'll ask you this question to help me answer your question. Yep. Does exotic ramen count as a snack food? Do 

Daniel Brett: you get it at the grocery 

Tim Ribaric: store, but like exotic ramen, the stuff with Indonesian rappers and stuff that is clearly not made in North America, or do I need to come back and find a different 

Daniel Brett: answer for you?

That's fine. What what is this exotic ramen? What makes it so exotic? I 

Tim Ribaric: don't know. I can't read the label. 

Daniel Brett: You're just trusting that it is in fact ramen and not just like mystery plastic noodles made to flavor. Flavored like food. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. I don't know. Tell you the truth, I might be eating like squid flavored dry paste beans or something.

I don't know. But yeah, I suppose it's delicious and that's about all I can speak for it. If I needed to answer the question though, in the spirit of the question, I think I would have to say there was. European chocolate that I had when I was in Europe last, I can't remember what the name of it was, it's by a company called, I should say it was when I was in the co country of Croatia and they have a company there that makes confectionary stuff and they do hazel hazelnut wafer cookies.

Those are ones you can buy here, but they have like really esoteric and crazy flavors in the homeland. So you can get like strawberry and then vanilla and all sorts and like peach and stuff. So I think, okay, I was 

Daniel Brett: waiting for the esoteric and crazy flavor. Strawberry and vanilla are pretty vanilla.

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. There you go. So you got me on that one. So yeah, there's some goofy, and I can't remember what the name of the company is, or I try to name the check them right now. So that would be my answer. The the wafer cookies from Croatia that I can't even describe, let alone tell you why they're 

Daniel Brett: like I, I can't say anything cuz mine is also chocolate. When I go to Norway every now and then, and I, my mom lives there, so she ships me some of this chocolate in care packages every year. It's called Vic Lunch. I might be pronouncing that wrong. You can just say quick.

Because that's a rough translation of what it comes down to. It's basically a kit cat bar. It looks like the same four bars. You can break them apart, that sort of thing. But just the quality is much higher than the classic kit Catt. It is a, it has the same crunch, the same like textures involved, but it's high quality c.

Which is just excellent. Like Scandinavia, they, they do good chocolate. That's just oh, that's great. Just a fact. And then the wafers and the cream inside, everything is just top tier. And the thing I like about them as well is they're intended for hiking. That's your quick snack while you're hiking and inside each one the wrapper actually has a map.

Oh, wow. And like tips on how to stay healthy or other things like it's got these tips inside and it usually has a map as well of like fun hiking trails or stuff like that. Cool. That is so clever and I really just appreciate that. Not that it does me any good here when I eat them in my kitchen, but.

Tim Ribaric: So then I'll ask you a question. Do they come in like a salted fish flavor or is it just a traditional sort of vanilla or, 

Daniel Brett: I don't think they do any flavors. They have one kind and it is the same kind. It is the standard lunch and that's it. And I think they do that on purpose. They don't wanna.

I, I don't know if you've ever been to Norway or speaking to Norwegians, but they are pretty straightforward people. They are generally quite fit because they're always walking up and down mountains. They hiking is just part of their day-to-day and there's not a lot of they don't care so much for a variety as consistency.

They want something that is good every time. So they will do what's necessary to make it good every time or just the best it can be instead. The shotgun method, like the American way of, I'm gonna make 50 different flavors and whichever ones are make me the most money. That's what we're gonna do.

They picked one flavor, they made it amazing, and then they just sell it. 

Tim Ribaric: Very cool. I just wanna thank listeners today for listening to Steering the Digital Scholarship, brought to you by Quick Lunch, a delicious Norwegian delicacy. 

Daniel Brett: Yes. We always have to have one sponsor that's not a sponsor. Or they could be if they're listening, 

Tim Ribaric: the extent of my, betraying my North American prejudice, or not prejudice, that's too strong a statement.

Ignorance, nor my Martin North American ignorance. The most Scandinavian thing I've been exposed to recently has been the Will Ferrell movie on Netflix, the Fyre Saga. Eurovision, the story of FY Saga, which I'm sure is not an accurate at all, depiction of Iceland or the Eurovision song 

Daniel Brett: contest.

I saw the trailer. It's hard to say Scandinavians are their music is pretty out there in a good way. It's original and unique and. Not unlike the trailer for that movie. I saw the trailer. I don't know how deep into it they go in the movie, but, 

Tim Ribaric: I'm relieved that it, there's a potential that it's an accurate depiction cause part of me thought it might be problematic.

Daniel Brett: We'll see. I'll check in with the experts over in Norway and see what they think. Ooh, right 

Tim Ribaric: on. Right from the source. Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: Awesome. Alright. So with. Let's move on. We'll sound our lovely horn and dive right into today's topic, which is dealing with unintentional international fame.

So we have been running quite a few workshops online lately. And I have to say I have been blown away by the response we have gotten in terms of attendance, not only from the Brock community, but more and more we are seeing attendees joining us from all around the world. Aside from being a big boost to our self-confidence this sudden realization that our reach is not limited brings with it some great opportunities as well as challenges.

So for our first discussion today, we're just gonna talk about what potential opportunities does this new global, the global audience, does this new global audience open up for us? 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, wow. That's a great question. Oh, I can. There's so much that that can happen from just casting a hook out into the water with a, workshop Yep.

That you allow anyone to attend. And then is being a bit, I don't know, presum presumptuous, but it would be really cool to develop some kind of collaboration with some institution that's located outside of North America. Just for for sake of expanding our perspectives and hearing a lot of things, hearing how people.

Do the same thing we're trying to do in different ways, I think would really help fill out our understanding of stuff. 

Daniel Brett: I'm seeing as the Digital Scholarship Lab falls under the link part of the Brock Link umbrella I feel like reaching out and making links is definitely within our our bounds that we should do. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, it's it's I think, we touched upon it, no, not directly when we were speaking about the American versus Norwegian experience, but I think it's great to have different perspectives on style of work and then oh, what's a way to describe what I'm thinking of, like the attitude towards it.

It's really nice. Be exposed to people that, have an idea that work, supplements life as opposed to the other way around, like you know what I'm getting at, right? Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: One of the things that I the first things that popped into my head when I was actually running one of these workshops, I had people from 10 different countries attending a workshop I was running for r which alone.

Mind boggling. But when I posed a question, I said, okay, find a solution. There's a few different ways that you could solve this cuz that's programming languages. There's a hundred ways to solve any one question. And the solutions that were coming in we're quite unique and I was just like, what is different between all the people I've run this workshop for before?

And here, and the thing that pops into my head is we're entrenched in these Western ideologies. Like for better or worse. That's just where we were raised for the most part. And people coming at it just with that different baseline they solve problems differently. And as a result, even like small scale solving a, an equation in a different way one of which was quicker than the example that I had prepared, it's oh, that's much better.

I'm just gonna take that copy paste. It was quite eye-opening and I really enjoyed the experience. It was just like, oh, okay. So these new perspective. That are like, we're putting out these feelers, but they are actively reaching out to us. So we hold out our hand and they're taking that hand and they're offering all these new perspectives.

So sure, we're offering them something that they might not potentially be able to get where they are. So if maybe they don't have training for our accessible to them except for us. So we're providing that to them, but they're also providing us. Great deal of feedback and perspective that we can't get anywhere else, and I really enjoy that.

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, most definitely. It's it's great. I'm not a huge international traveler. I've been to, I say this with dripping with privilege because, I can say I've been to Europe three times twice to visit family in the same location. And then the third time I was lucky enough, and I'm gonna use the term lucky to.

Be able to go to Spain to attend a conference and to present a paper there and what really remarked. My experience when I was in Spain at the conference, Spain is a great place, but like at the actual conference venue, they were serving us lunch because it was such a high brow, fancy conference and there was like wine on the table and it's just yeah, this is a work thing and here's wine.

Yeah. And it's, it's part of a proper lunch there. And it's really, as you're saying, it's neat to be exposed to things that are outside of your ordinary. Experience that sort of change your perspective on things and help you take a look at things more differently.

That's for sure. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. Absolutely. And one of the other things I had a couple notes here that I are a friend of the show, Sharon Jansen from the MAP Data and GIS Library. I posed these questions to her. Unfortunately she can't join us today cuz she was at a conference. But she answered some of the questions and one of the things she mentioned was knowledge mobilization.

The big opportunity this provides us is getting skills and tools that might not be as prevalent in other countries to be more prevalent. For example I keep using R because R is the language that I teach. That's your jam, Daniel. That is my jam. It's an open source language that every single package that's available online on, on the archive network for R was user submit.

So teaching r to as many people as possible with as many different backgrounds and perspectives, and also just tackling problems that we don't have here because of their unique perspective. They're going to create new packages that will then get put up onto the crayon the, our archive network, and then we overhear if those problems ever arise, we suddenly have access to them.

So spread. The knowledge of our globally just gives us it, it builds the language and it builds the tool itself. So I, I like to feel proud of myself for doing my part. I hope that at least one person from a workshop I run goes on to use it in their daily lives and maybe produce a package that somebody else in the world will be benefiting from.

And. And it's just spreading that knowledge and disseminating it feels 

Tim Ribaric: really good. You can't see me presently, but I can assure you, I'm nodding my head vigorously in agreement with what you're saying. I. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. And that was one of Sharon's points. So we've covered let's see opportunities, yeah.

Impacting one user at a time, be they from Nepal, Hungary, or California. Each one comes to learn and hopefully we can provide that learning experience for them. So that was a direct quote from Sharon Jansen. That's great. 

Tim Ribaric: I, yeah. I to add on, in a, in the briefest way possible, it's great to see that there are so many people interested in pursuing these opportunities.

It's not as if we we effectively just put a sign on the front line to say, there's gonna be a class here and if you wanna stop by, maybe whenever, run it and if you wanna attend, that's awesome. We didn't do any direct marketing. We didn't twist any arms to tell people to sign up for these things, yet they found them through their own volition, scoping out, in our case, Eventbrite, looking for opportunities.

I would imagine that's how most of them found out about these things and just, signed up on a goof. Just they're prepared to spend a couple hours learning a new skill or to be introduced to something and it. It's a strategy that works, that has worked for us this whole summer.

Hopefully will continue to work for us the rest of the summer. 

Daniel Brett: And something I'm gonna mention I'm gonna talk about it. In the next question as well because it applies to both, but it's so heartening to see people signing up when in their country they're starting this workshop at 10 o'clock at night and it runs for two hours.

They are sitting in a workshop in the dark from 10 o'clock at night till midnight. And it they're actively engaging and some of the most active people that I have in my workshops are people. Over in like Brazil or down in Brazil or over in, I think I had somebody from Turkey who was like super into it.

We usually get a couple people from the UK and they're six hours ahead of us, and it's just it's pretty late for you guys. Like sometimes we run these workshops at one or two in the afternoon, which is like seven or eight o'clock at night for them. We're like, okay. Thank you. I feel honored that you're spending your free time on me.

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, no doubt. No doubt. I agree with you a hundred percent. 

Daniel Brett: So with that the tho those are the big potential opportunities. But of course, opportunities don't come without challenges. And this has certainly been an eyeopener. We've got a lot to look forward to in terms of these opportunities.

But on the flip side let's discuss a little bit about what challenges does, having a global sorry, I really want to ruin that word, don't I? What, that's 

Tim Ribaric: a tough one. 

Daniel Brett: What new challenges does having a global audience 

Tim Ribaric: pose? As a brief aside, I have real trouble seeing Okay. Google out loud quickly, so I hear you.

Global is a mouthful of marbles definitely to do that one. But challenges though, that's also a good question cuz. Part and parcel of, celebrating the, ah, now I'm tripping up. Successes of an international audience, of course, is thinking through the ramifications of what that means. And then, how do we make the experience of someone who stayed up till 10:00 PM to attend our session?

How do we make it more worth their while without you? Not so much to say damage the workshop, but to make it appeal to as wide of audience as possible. That's a very interesting question, for sure. 

Daniel Brett: Some of the things that Sharon said here just the major challenges that she's experienced, cuz we've all three of us have run workshops and some that she pointed out that weren't relevant to me, for example, was access to software.

Some people don't have access to software. I didn't even think of that cuz I'm doing an open source programming language where everything's open and available. But with RGIS for example, then there's very limited free access. Some countries you can't even access it at all. And if you want to do any of the advanced features, then you need a rather expensive paid access.

that is an issue here and everywhere access to data sources there is. Something that we take for granted, and that is full and open access to the internet. There are countries where that's not an option where the internet is limited. The content is filtered. Some countries don't have YouTube, for example.

So if we wanna put material, yeah, just access it on our YouTube page. That's not necessarily a viable option. Some countries don't have zoom zoom you cannot access from certain countries. That's something I didn't even know, and it was just like, oh, yeah, that makes sense. But and then we like to share our videos after the workshop, so that's something we ran into just recently.

Sharing our videos of the, like we record the workshops and then we share it with the attendees so that they can go back and check over it and make sure. First of all, some of those files are quite large and if your system can't handle it, then you're gonna be downloading for five to 10 hours. But also, again, some countries you can't download things.

You have to access things, you can access things that are host on the internet it's such an interesting. Problem to have where there's all these little considerations where you have to start thinking, okay, what are the limitations? And we can't take anything for granted anymore. 

Tim Ribaric: And very true. I think the other thing I would add as a point to consider is a potential language barrier too, right?

We have a global audience and we, as you'd expect, conduct our workshops just in English. But then, we're assuming a lot from the people attending them, and I'm particularly bad for this. I love to use idioms and phrases and, metaphors and simile that might not translate to a global audience.

And, I love using $5 words, which are, words that I barely understand that are at least three syllables long. When I try to do stuff to make myself feel and seem smarter, but that doesn't, that's not gonna track for everyone cuz no one, it doesn't help necessarily help get the point across and it could just potentially confuse things.

Whereas, I think there's enough of a challenge. To understand the tool and learn how it works, let alone be faced with really goofy metaphors that it's like a a shoebox or a, oh gosh, what else would be, a, gin gut bar or whatever it is you said, right? Sometimes these things don't translate between different cultures, yeah. And I'm sure some people leave my sessions scratching their heads trying to figure out what I was trying to communicate. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah that's a really good point. The language barrier definitely makes the need for handouts more important because if you give a handout with instructions on it, that can be run through a translator, for example.

And then they can get a pretty thorough idea of what they're supposed to be doing and the ability to follow along. Whereas just verbally there, Some pretty great translators out there nowadays that can pick up on that. But again, those are expensive and hard to come by. So it, that is a limiting factor of our workshops is they are in 

Tim Ribaric: English.

Yeah. As you said earlier, this is a good problem to have. I really like the fact that we're broadening our perspective and view on things just to be more accommodating, or maybe that's not the best word, more accessible to others. And, running these things now with a, with a. Picture in mind of our audience and who's dialing in and showing up.

We've even remarked time and time, again, that, even when. We return back to life on campus and as we look forward to things, we might wanna focus on doing the online stuff some more, even though we have the ability to run stuff in person because, we reach a much larger audience.

And to be honest, what we're doing a lot of times, and I would say 110% of the time is teaching a tool or a technique that requires a software platform or product to, to do it's nice to have people in the room with you and you can build a rapport through that respect and have a shared experience.

It's not necessarily crucial to teaching technical skills to be located physically in the same spot. Yeah, why not? It would be neat into the future to have a, a setup where we. A bunch of signups for our stuff. A bunch of those are reserved for Brock University, community members or students and participants.

And then why not open it up or a portion of it up to anyone else who's interested that might, as you say, not have opportunity to attend something similar just because. Opportunity is the way it is or their access to stuff is a particular way. Yeah. It's good food for thought. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. And that actually leads right into my last question here, which is with everything we've discussed already in mind, keeping all these challenges but also the potential opportunities, do you think that we will continue to run online workshops with tickets open to everyone?

Just a little behind the scenes? We have tickets. Two types of tickets for all of our workshops. We have Brock affiliate tickets, and then we have open tickets. I personally, I do I think 15 or so Brock affiliate tickets, although these numbers are probably gonna change once the year starts. And then I do 20 to 25 open tickets for the community just to make sure that our we're taking care of our bar affiliates as is our duty as a part of the university.

But we're also. Performing our job as that link to the outside world and reaching out and allowing anybody to attend, for sure. Do you think we would continue with these. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, I can't see why not. I think the only I think in a lot of respects it's a bit more flexible to run something on campus too, because if I confuse those two Yeah, no worries.

Something online slash off-campus is what I meant to say. Our physical location, like the campus is located it's far away from the rest of the city, so you purposefully have to go. To, be present. It's not as if we're a downtown campus. We're in a major, densely populated area that, has a lot of foot traffic or bus, you have to come to this school to come to the school.

Yeah. So that's a bit of a limiting factor to get people. Interested. Particularly if it's a day that they're, they don't have class they don't wanna, trundle up to campus or it's, a community member who's interested and they don't wanna come to campus and then figure out parking and that.

So with respect to just even those couple things in mind, I think pursuing and maintaining a workshop schedule that, relies on a lot of online stuff is perfect. Perfectly reasonable and a great idea. I don't know if there's, once we get farther down the road, we might even wanna think about what a hybrid thing would look like if such a thing is possible, or if it would be, just too much of a bad experience where there's people in class.

And then you could stream, a camera recording of the person running the workshop as well as the screen capture at the same time. And then you get like a double effect. But I don't know if such a thing, I think that's something we, I, there's something I definitely want to experiment with, that's 

Daniel Brett: for sure.

Yeah. I think it's, it would certainly be doable. You just have. I imagine that would be one of those situations where you would need to have two instructors. One monitoring, for example, online chat to make sure that questions are being answered equally between those in the room and those who are coming along virtually.

You'd have to find a way to make it a valuable experience for those coming in virtually in terms of giving them enough time to. Watch what you're doing and then maybe switch screens and complete the task without alienating your in-class attendees who potentially might be following along at the same time as you're doing it.

And thus end up just sitting there doing nothing twiddling their thumbs. So maybe a formula with like bonus question. So that the people in physic in person can be working on bonus questions while the virtual attendees are working on the, that's an interesting, 

Tim Ribaric: yeah. I'm sure I'm something will, kick the can over and then, at some future episode of this podcast we'll probably debrief on how it went and what our findings were for it. But though, Daniel, if you'll indulge me, I will ask an open question. Which I'd love your insight on, and any listeners, if they have a solution to this, please let us know in our usual way. Dsl brock u.ca for email. The situation of NoShow is it's tough and, this happens before.

All of this, all of this, all of the forcibly working from home stuff happened as well. We set up a number of tickets, as Daniel mentions. It's a nice ratio between two different groups of people. We usually sell them out, nice and quick. But then, the actual attendance of People that, follow up is, usually floats around 50%.

Daniel, big props to you your workshops tend to go higher than 50%, close to 75% most of the time. So that's great. That's a bit manufactured 

Daniel Brett: because the workshops that have the best attendance that I brag about, Are generally part two. So I get the people that signed up for it naturally, and then the attendees of part one who enjoyed it, luckily, usually it's all of them, which makes me feel like I'm doing something right.

Say, Hey, can we get some tickets for that? Part two, it looks like it's full. So I open up a few more tickets equal to the number of people and they jump in. So it basically gives me like eight or nine guaranteed attendees on top of the 50%. So that's clever that's why it looks like I get 75% of attendees, but I'm really only getting 50 plus the part one people again.

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, but you're getting, you're actively getting butts and seats, so that, that's, that counts for something, that's for sure. You're not duking the system out by any means. 

Daniel Brett: I've also been increasing the number of tickets because I realized something online. It really doesn't matter too much if if you're realizing, okay, 50% of people that sign up are showing up, I can handle 20, 30 people in a class.

So I'm gonna open up 45, maybe even 50 tickets so that I get the desired number of 20, 20 to 30. But in person that, that would. A bad idea potentially if everyone showed up because Oh, okay, I've got 50 people that showed up and I have 24 seats. That's no good. But online it's just okay, 50 people showed up just.

Now there's 50 people on the call instead of 30. And that's fine because it's the internet. It can handle it for the most part. As long as you're setting your maximum to what your bandwidth could handle and nobody has their cameras on and everyone's just listening, then it's not a as big a deal to do that.

And that strategy works a lot better online. Effectively a solution for online only in person is still an impossible mystery. Yeah, for 

sure. 

Tim Ribaric: The, as I, I do enjoy your strategy and it's one I think with our, I'm sure you'll plug them later on with our next sort of series of workshops we have planned.

I think I'm gonna be, actively trying to, Broker that sort of possibility to people in the classes and stuff. And as a really bad pat, patting myself on the back, I've put together a workshop that's called Machine Learning, which I anticipate will be packed to the rafters just because of the title of it.

And we'll see if, it's, we'll see how it turns out anyways. But that's a word. Yeah. I have a feeling I'm gonna need to do the same thing with that is to, carve out more spots so that more people show up for. Yeah. But then I guess the other thing too like it's great to increase the bulk number of people that are there to make up the difference.

But then there's also like, how do we encourage those people that took the time to sign up? To come back when it's time to run the session to stop them from being no-shows. I wonder if there's any kind of meaningful or useful strategy to help that happen or to work towards that.

Daniel Brett: Yeah. I feel like, again with the online method being a little bit easier, If there was checkpoints along the way, so you open up sales then if it sells out, then you send out a follow up email. Hey, we've sold out. Please confirm that you are actually available to attend this workshop.

If not, let us know so that we can open up those ticket for other people, and then hopeful. Those who suddenly can't attend or change their mind will have the decency to respond. And at the very least, that would give us a few, at least one checkpoint where we can drop, open up some seats, and then potentially get back in like that.

That's just off the top of my head, but 

Tim Ribaric: that sounds pretty cool. I think the other example, no, the other strategy I've kicked around before, which is probably the least appealing. It's something like a performance bond. All of our stuff is free to attend, which is great for accessibility purposes.

And, I wouldn't wanna mess with that. However, you can, enforce a performance bond so that you, you put a tentative charge on someone's credit card and if they don't show up, you process the charges, some sort of penalty. However, that sort of raises the bar.

Negatively incentivizes, signing up in the first place. I don't know, I don't know if there's a good strategy for it or if it's just something we'll have to learn to live with and minimize as much as possible. But if if any listener has any strategies or solutions we would love to hear it.

Tell you what. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah, absolutely. is we've definitely covered covered the topic there and back again, and I feel like we, we definitely. Came upon some really good revelations there, things that I hadn't even thought about when I was prepping for this podcast. So with that I think that'll end our discussion for today.

I'm sure this is definitely not over. We're gonna be coming back to this again. So we'll say that's the end of our discussion and we'll venture forth into this new sea of opportunity and challenges together. Let's let's drop anchor here. We'll take our bearings and we will prepare for this new leg of our journey.

If you are interested in the workshops we've talked about today make sure to check out our offerings on experience bu and Eventbrite. And as always, if you have any questions or comments, feel free to contact us@dslbrocku.ca or on social media. We are on pretty much all of them and we check them.

When we can Thank you for testing these new waters with us. We look forward to sharing this adventure into the unknown with you.

