Ep36
===

Tim Ribaric: Hello and welcome to episode 36 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. After our summer hiatus, we are back in full force. Today's episode we're gonna be having a chat with Alison Innis, who is amongst many things. what would you call yourself, the author or the host. Host is a good word, host of the forward podcast that's brought to us by the faculty of Humanities.

So morning Alison. How are you? And if you wouldn't mind, could you please introduce yourself for our listen. Good 

Alison Innis: morning and thanks for having me on. I love talking about podcasting, so I'm really happy to be here. So as you said, my name is Alison Innis. I am I guess my biggest role at the university is the social media coordinator for the Faculty of Humanities.

And I also. Do things like write news articles and manage social media, things like Twitter and Instagram as part of that job. And I'm also a hobby podcaster as well, which is actually how I got my start in podcasting. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, very cool. We'll definitely be coming back to your your mention there of Hobby Podcasting, cuz think podcasts are, they multiply really quickly.

You get one idea, then you keep going. Yep. Very cool. So can you tell us a bit about the Forward Podcast, what it's about, and how it came. 

Alison Innis: Yeah, so it's an idea that I had been kicking around in the back of my mind for a little bit. It actually started, the name Forward, started as a blog that I ran for a few years for the Faculty of Humanities and.

The word is a bit of a pun, a bit of wordplay because who doesn't love a bit of wordplay? Oh, for sure. And yeah, and I wanted to capture something that got at the idea of humanities as being very current very applicable to our present and our future. Sometimes people outside the humanities think of things.

Charles Dickens and history and ancient things. And don't necessarily understand how those things connect and contribute to the present and our, and are applicable in our current context. So the word forward, we spell it like the forward in a book, which is like an introduction. But then it al is also a play with the, with forward in forward motion and moving forward and into the future.

So that's how the name came about. And I've transitioned from it being a blog to it now being a podcast. And we inter we, I interview researchers from our faculty. We have our, we have just re finished releasing our first season or series, sorry, we have just finished releasing our first series. And I talk with our researchers, find out what they're doing, why it matters.

I ask, I get to ask lots of interesting questions and it's a 

Tim Ribaric: great job. Excellent. Yeah, no, you can tell, it comes through in the episodes that you're really fascinated with what's going on. This also reminds me too way back in the day, and perhaps you know more about this before we used to call them arts, it used to be, the arts, but. Through a recognition of perhaps what it is more specifically, we refer to all these things as humanities. Is that true or am I just imagining this because I seem to remember back in the day Yeah. Maybe when I was a student so long ago.

Alison Innis: But, and some universities used the term liberal arts and I think some universities still have faculty of arts that kind of thing. But yeah, the. For listeners who might not be familiar with the humanities we comp, we encompass subjects like music, dramatic arts, visual arts, those kinds of things.

But also history, philosophy classics, which is ancient Greece and Rome as well. Canadian studies. Lots of really interesting subjects that fall under humanities. Yeah. 

Tim Ribaric: Not to look at this with a marketing slash I can talk this business with you marketing slash sort of promotion perspective, but I think humanities is a better descriptor for the work and the research and the teaching that's involved in it, right?

As opposed to the traditional sort of definition of liberal arts. So that's pretty interesting, right? The one thing that is really, I've been listening to the podcast just for the content wise, but then I've also been paying attention to it with how popular it's gotten.

So I was wondering if you could go into or talk about what you attribute the popularity to. Out outside from. The caliber of the podcast is there, so that's not the question, but how did you get a good listenership and how did it get so popular would you say, or?

Alison Innis: Thank you very much for the compliment of the show. It's hard to know with podcasts. It's like with any social media it's tempting to want to look for a magic formula. Magic formulas I don't really think work in social media. I think we had really good support within the faculty of humanities from our professors and researchers who were interested in participating and who were interested in listening as well.

And I'm quite active on Twitter and I have through my own Baja Podcasting built up a network of fellow humanities oriented podcasters who were. Were who were I built up my own network of humanities related podcasters who very kindly shared and helped me get the word out about forward.

And I released it on a regular schedule. We had every Wednesday morning at 1:00 AM I think actually it came up it, the episodes dropped in the middle of the. Through the magic of scheduling. So that it would be right there on people's pod catchers. Some people are morning listeners. I right listen to podcasts in the evening.

But the podcast would be right there for them. So I've been really pleased with how people have responded to it. It's always a little nerve-wracking launching a new product. Sorry. It's always a little nerve-wracking launching a new project like this particularly when you're doing it on behalf of a university and not just yourself.

Love, 

Tim Ribaric: it's sounded well there's a certain amount of discipline that helped put this all together, which I'm, I ask you these questions secretly to, to try to get to terms as to why our podcast, our humble podcast that everyone's listening to now isn't quite you.

It's great. People listen to it and we were talking about in another sort of time we were chit-chatting about, we look at statistics and find these really goofy patterns and interesting things you would never think of. So that's great. I'm not saying we're not doing a good podcast.

I'm just. Amazed and surprised with how, things could be and how well things could be. And, you mentioned the discipline aspect of it, so that's good. We'll need to get tighter on that. But then, and also you were alluding to like having a distribution network and peers that were primed already to be ready for it.

Would you say that was Yeah. That was part of your 

Alison Innis: answer, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think in judging the success of a podcast, like any social media you have to know what success is gonna look like for you. And download numbers are beautiful to watch, and it's beautiful to watch them rolling in. But that's not the only ki, the only way to measure success.

And I know with. Things like Twitter and Instagram and Facebook. What I like to look for there is engagement as well. So how are people engaging with the content that I'm putting out? And I hope that we will get more engagement with the, and there has been some but with the Future podcast episodes as well and having conversations with people.

So numbers are really fun to look at and they make you feel really good and they make you look really good, but they're. The entire story. So my advice to other podcasters would be to not worry too much about the numbers and just to focus on putting out really good quality interesting work. And what is that?

Letting it live out 

Tim Ribaric: there. Right on. I think one of, one of the interesting sort of full circle things is that, I was Talking about quantitative sort of results, and here you are bringing, I, what would be the perspective of the humanities more generally about applying a qualitative approach to the success of the podcast.

So I, I think you've successfully you've successfully brought me on board anyways, that's for sure. With that's good. Looking at a larger picture. It's not just numbers. To come up with a successful podcast. 

Alison Innis: Yeah. And once the episodes are out there, they're out there and new listeners can come on board any time.

So it's not how many people you have that downloaded in the first week that it's out necessarily. I know with my Hobby podcast, which we can talk about more, if you would like, We haven't really put out a new episode for a long time. And we joke that it thrives on benign neglect because the episodes are still there.

Yeah. The downloads still come. I get emails from new listeners. Oh, wow. That's great. And we haven't really been actively doing all the things that we're supposed to do to make a podcast grow for various reasons, but basically time constraints. It, it is a lot of time. Sure. So even if. You don't get the initial uptake sometimes.

It comes down the road a bit too. 

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. So I just gotta be patient as well, right? So I have discipline, I gotta develop a network, and then I gotta be patient. I think, I'll work on those three just as a brief sort of social media aside as you are ingrained and proficient and, beyond proficient with all these different platforms and things.

I have a question about Instagram. It tends to be the most popular platform used by particularly students at Brock. That's for certain, but there's, if I'm correct in this, in my understanding, it's fairly limited in how you can drive people to stuff that's outside of Instagram. So if you post something there, You can't necessarily put a link on it to shoot people off to a further, say if you have a workshop, you're advertising and you have a picture of it on Instagram, for example.

You can't tag it so people can tap on it and then get prompted to sign up for the. Workshop, is that correct? 

Alison Innis: That is correct. In Instagram, you only get one working link, and that's the link in your profile. And my understanding is that's how it was deliberately designed to maybe to try to limit some of the spam and less desirable.

Okay. Sharing kind of stuff. I can go on, I could see that. Instagram. Yeah. So there is there is a service that a lot of people are using now called Link Tree. And I think there are other similar services. I'm not endorsing anything here, but there are services that let you set up a series of links so that your Instagram profile link will actually take the the viewer.

A whole list of links that they could choose from. Interesting. So there for every challenge, there's always somebody, at least one, one group that's been working to circumvent and overcome. Sure. 

Tim Ribaric: Very interesting. Thanks for that. That aside, I'm if I put all my time into Twitter, if anything, because it helped me grow up, for various reasons.

It helped me grow up my professional network when I was just starting in my role. It I don't know, it's it's accessible without being logged into the platform. You can look at stuff unless it's specifically tagged as private, which is, understandable and, I never.

Enjoyed Facebook for various reasons, but I've spent all my effort on Twitter and it, it saddens my heart to see that the kids are moving away from it. So all the, the progress I've made with it is it's not what it used to be because of Instagram, and I think we need to.

We, I should say we, when I say we, the digital scholarship lab that is need to concentrate on how, we utilize Twitter and maybe put some more effort in. See, subconsciously, I'm even saying it without, how we can utilize Instagram better with our promotions, 

Alison Innis: but, Yeah, and social media is challenging because it changes very rapidly.

I am not on the newer platforms like TikTok and Snapchat. I chose to limit our social media presence because I am one person and even doing three accounts, it can keep me quite busy. But it's really thinking about what is the content you have to put out and where's the audience that you want to reach.

Because I think some kinds of content are better suited to different platforms and. Different audiences and different demographics use different social media platforms in different ways. Yeah, 

Tim Ribaric: I, yeah, I guess you're absolutely correct and you gotta consider your audience and yeah, you'll get a different audience with whatever platform.

And, the other thing, when do you crack the the mystery of how to engage faculty members with social media or, do let me know, because I think that's the one that's most difficult for us anyways, is reach. Faculty members, some are on social media, which is great, and some are, engaged with social media quite, robustly, which is super.

I think the vast quantity aren't yeah getting our information in the, in their hands is a bit of a challenge. We'll figure it out. And that's part of the finding, right? For sure. Very cool. Sure. So we've talked about the success of forward and now I would just like to ask you, is there any sort of challenges you had as making it either technically speaking policy wise or 

Alison Innis: creatively?

There was this little event this spring called a pandemic. You may have heard of it. 

Tim Ribaric: I'll have to have our people check the notes on that. Okay, 

Alison Innis: sure. Yeah. You might need to fact check that. Yeah, I had written out the plan, got the funding, everything lined up in January. I'd, hi hired on.

We had some students working on the project. I love working with students. It gives them a chance to build their portfolio and they're really open to. Various ideas. So I had three students actually from our center for Dig di excuse me, three students from our Center for Digital Humanities.

Were involved in some way in the project which was really exciting. And we were just at the point that we were starting to record interviews. And then the Friday, March 13th, the, in the afternoon, the university announced that they were suspending in-person classes. So of course everything gets pushed to the side at that point because the focus is on the students.

The focus was adapting. I was not gonna go running around to faculty members and say, Hey, do you still have time for. So I had to delay some of the recording and then we did it remotely. And initially I had planned, this is top secret information, all right. Initially I had planned that the episodes would have a main interview that I would do and then a short, like two or three minute one question interview that my intern Haley Wilhelm would do, and unfortunately, Second part got completely sidetracked with the pandemic.

So we, she had recorded one of her short one question interviews already, so we released that as a bonus episode. So we adapted the format. I think it still works. I don't think it hurt it in any way, but it was disappointing to lose that extra bit of representation from different researchers.

I've got them on a list for the future. 

Tim Ribaric: That's pretty neat that, podcasting is, a thing that you and I both do for, professionals slash personals things. But then it's also creeping in or slowly getting involved with.

Coursework, for classes being taught, in various different faculties. Where my colleagues I'm, I preface all this by saying my colleagues in the Makerspace Run podcast workshops, and then they collaborate with faculty members that want to do podcasting as part of like coursework.

Which I think is pretty interesting, right? Because we get I don't. I don't write very well. So if I were to, I'm, that's why I'm a, I took a science degree more than anything else cuz I, I have trouble writing and if I were to, need to write essays for a lot of my coursework, I think I would've been a poor student just because I wasn't good at writing, but having the opportunity to pr on and talk.

In a podcast for marks, I think I would if not be good at, I would at least be able to hit the quantity that I needed to, cuz I can talk as much as I need to as opposed to writing. But 

Alison Innis: yeah. And one of the things that I noticed myself and that everybody says is that we just don't read as much as we used to.

We don't. And like the social media statistics bear it out, that even when we click on a link to read an article, We usually only read like maybe the first couple of paragraphs and that's it. And so we don't read the way that maybe we used to. But we still have ideas and as you said, some students.

Don't write well or they struggle to write or they're not as comfortable expressing their ideas for many reasons. And providing an alternate format, I think is fantastic. And lets them exercise their creativity while still. Demonstrating their knowledge of what they're doing. And in terms of reaching people with content pod podcasts are something that you just listen to, right?

You listen to them while usually while you're doing something else, you're doing the dishes, you're driving your car those kinds of things, 

Tim Ribaric: they're particularly accessible. And when I say that, you can, consume them. Which is great. And I think that helps, speaks to their proliferation.

And, I don't know about you, but I crank up the playback speed when I do listen to podcasts just so that I can get more podcasts for my buck, instead of, 1.0 speed. I'm always at least 1.2 or sometimes 1.3 depending on what the podcast is. So it's it's a, yeah, it's certainly a, I don't know, it's a colloquial almost, right?

Because you're engaging in a conversation with someone as opposed. A scripted, heavily structured, piece of written pros with, certain, I think the conventions behind written work is a little bit more ast stringent than podcasting, right?

Podcasting is less formal in many ways, right? Yeah. 

Alison Innis: It. For sure it can be. There's a lot of different ways to go about podcasting. My style is very informal. I'd just like to have a conversation and the listener is the silent third person at the table who's just eavesdropping in on whatever conversation I'm having.

That's my approach to it. There are narrative styles. So podcasting has been around for a very long time now. I forget exactly how long I meant to look that up before our conversation, but it's been one of those social media platforms that has not e experienced the exponential growth that we saw with Facebook or Instagram or Twitter, but a slow and steady.

Growth. And one of the podcasts that was really instrumental in getting podcasting on a lot of people's radar was the hit series Serial. I don't know if you've ever listened to that. Of course, yeah, for sure. Serial. Yeah. Yeah. I was listening to podcasts well before cereal. So I'm one of the older timers.

But it, it is very much a narrative style journalistic investigation style. That's right. Told us a story. Yeah, that's, so there are ways to to do really documentary storytelling. Really highly polished, highly work. I have one podcasting friend who is a professional storyteller and he tells the story of the Trojan War and the Odyssey in his own words and.

Told me, I hope this isn't a secret. He told me that he goes through seven drafts for every episode. Wow. That's impress. Like he really work, he really works his stuff. So there's a lot of different styles of podcasting and I think it's finding what really works for you as a person and for what you're trying to accomplish.

And you become more comfortable with it the more you do it as well. Yeah. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. I was gonna I'm not, fortunately the coffee hasn't kicked in and I haven't. I didn't come up with it quick enough, but I was gonna try to shoehorn in a Homer Junior joke there cause it sound like but yeah, aside from that, yeah, I suppose you're absolutely correct.

You have this sort of interview style podcast, which is has, certain big names are involved in stuff like that. But yeah, serial and others like it are, carefully scripted sort of radio dramas almost, right? And those are definitely, The product of intense research, preparation and rehearsal and probably multiple recording sessions.

Yeah, you're absolutely correct. So yeah, podcasting does, fill that whole spectrum of colloquial and casual all the way up to researched and in depth. Yeah. The other one I'll make a plug for, have you heard of Hardcore History? No, I have not. Oh, hardcore history is really cool. He's an American historian his last name is Carlin.

I forget what his first name. I always get him confused with the comedian. It's not if George Carlin is the name of the comedian. It's not, that's not his name. But in any case, okay. He does super long in-depth pieces. So I listen to his series about World War ii, and each episode is about four hours long and there's four episodes.

So there's, two and a half hours just on the warships that were used. The, the north. In the boats that were in the North Atlantic, during the conflict. And it's really impressive. So anyways, that's enough plugging other podcasts. Nice. 

Alison Innis: So we, yeah, it's a dangerous question to ask me for recommendations.

Tim Ribaric: No. Mean 

Alison Innis: that's, but I wanna say, Oh, sorry if Yeah. No, go for it. Go for it. If I can just add I just wanna say that podcasting, I think, has a lot of potential in academia. And it's really exciting to see people tapping into it and to be part of that movement of tapping into it. For people outside of the university environment, there's no reason that they should know what we're doing, why we matter what's important about what we do.

And podcasting. Having those conversations with people about their research, I think offers an opportunity to humanize it in a way that not even a written article does. Because you capture the enthusiasm and the passion you get a. For the person's relationship with their work and everybody likes to talk.

Yeah, for sure. Especially in academia. We love to talk, 

Tim Ribaric: don't we? You're absolutely right. Yeah, maybe. Yep. You got it. 

Alison Innis: So you get that a little more unfiltered than you would say in a written article about somebody's research. I think because you've got the person talking about it in their own.

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, for sure. I, I can, yeah, I definitely agree with you a hundred. My head is nodding vigorously over here. So we started by asking some challenges that you had with making it, is there any successes or what would you consider the most rewarding part of running forward? 

Alison Innis: Wow. It, every conversation I had felt really rewarding.

I felt like I, I learned a lot. And e and I do a bit of background before I go in. I. I do a bit of background before I go into the interview, and I do have some preliminary questions that I sent to the guest just as our starting point, and then we just see where the conversation goes. And in most cases, I have a hard time getting all my listed questions answered because we go in really interesting direction.

The most rewarding part for me has just been able to share. Stories and the topics and what I'm learning with other people as well. And to show them that what we're doing in humanities is really relevant to what's happening now in the world. And even in the pandemic some of the issues overlap.

One, I will not pick a favorite episode because they are all favorites. Sure. One of the ones, yeah. One of the ones that, that had a very personal effect on me was the episode, it was episode two. It was about indigenous mascots with Dr. Jason Black, who was a visiting scholar, and that was, I think, one of two, only two or three interviews that we actually got to record in person before the pandemic disrupted things.

And I learned so much about a very important conversation around race and race relations that's really relevant in Canada right now and in the United States as well. So that's one that had a really profound impact on me personally. But like I said every conversation. Learned I learned a lot.

Tim Ribaric: Very cool. We you said you didn't wanna start recommending podcasts, how about I'll ask you, and you alluded to it earlier, you, you have an additional podcast a personal project you're working on. You would you care to talk about that and give that a plug? And we'd be happy to for sure.

Out. 

Alison Innis: The podcast is named Myth Take. And we make lots of jokes about the mistakes that we make. My background is in classics, so ancient Greece and Rome, and I was a teaching assistant for first year mythology for about at Brock for about. Almost 10 years. And my co-host Darren Sundstrom, it was actually his idea to do the podcast.

And he said to me one day, do you think we could do a podcast about myth? And he's also a teaching assistant at Brock. And I said, sure. Why not? Having absolutely no idea what I was writing myself for, and. That podcast was basically us sitting down and having conversations and extending and exploring ideas that we couldn't explore.

Like we just didn't have time or space to explore in seminar with our students. So we've got about 30 episodes of that podcast out. Like I said, it's in a state of benign neglect. We have, I, we keep getting ideas for new episodes but then it just comes down to time for people who aren't podcasters.

Pod for about every hour. Finished podcast. The average is usually about four hours of work behind the scenes. So 

Tim Ribaric: yeah, I wish I knew that ratio before I got into this. 

Alison Innis: Yeah, that's, so it could be a lot more than that. Again, it depends. I, on my on myth take, I do minimal editing it, it's like, You get our mistakes and our bloopers and everything.

I think there's one episode where I get up and I run away to get a book and look something up and it's in 

Tim Ribaric: there. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. We'll definitely we'll plop a link to myth take in our show notes. Just let everyone get, we'll buck the trend that Instagram is forcing us down and we'll actually put a link to to, to, to your to your other projects so that everyone can have a look.

So with that said, As we're winding down here now, do you have any advice for steering the digital scholarship for us, either production wise or how we can approach making a better podcast because it sounds like we, we do a lot of things similar already. Start from a list of questions.

In fact, both of us are list looking at a document that I sent just earlier this morning with some tentative questions for us to start our conversation around, which is something you've mentioned. Is there any other advice you can give us for. Making a successful podcast or endeavoring to make a successful 

Alison Innis: podcast.

I did a two hour workshop on podcasting last spring. So how long an answer would you like, 

Tim Ribaric: oh, so I gotta find that po I've gotta find that workshop is what you're telling me. 

Alison Innis: Yeah, so my general podcasting advice is to have the passion and to have the interesting guests. And it's really with any social media is.

Having valuable content that listeners for whatever reason will find valuable. If we don't feel we're getting anything out of a podcast, then we stop listening. But if it's something that connects with us personally then we listen. I know one of the things that I really like With forward is the ability to get behind the scenes a little bit with research, what research is, how people do research, and get to know the people who are doing the research as well.

So there is lots of good advice out there for anybody looking to start a podcast. And. It's a lot of work, but it is definitely rewarding and it's a constant experiment as well. Very cool. There is no magic formula I can give you. I'm sorry. 

Tim Ribaric: That's, that's the reality I need to in, in wrap myself in, it's, there's no magic bullet, which, sounds good because that stops me from needing to go find it.

But yeah 

Alison Innis: and part of it is just recognizing you may be doing something that has. Not you personally, but just in general. A podcaster may be doing something that has a very niche audience and 50 subscribers is a success. Is a big success, yes. Because yes, that's true. There's not that many people, I'm really blown away by how many people have listened to myth take, because I really didn't think there was gonna be an audience for it.

And part of the thing with podcasting too is that in, in some ways it's very accessible and easy to do, but some of it is knowing. Out there and what you're competing against and finding your unique niche that you can fill. Because I think everybody's got unique stories to tell and it's just finding a way of framing those stories maybe a little differently than other people are framing them.

Or exploring them from a different angle or that kind of thing as well. And we're not all gonna be cereal or Yeah, 90%. Like we're not all Roman Mars or these big name podcasters now. And that's something that has really come up in. Recent years is this rise of these really professional podcasts that have a lot of money behind them.

And when you've got a full-time podcasting staff, or you've got paid podcasters, you've got people going out collecting stories definitely too. Yeah. You do a very different product, right? Yeah. So when it's a couple of people over Skype or Teams or Zoom or whatever you're using with Microphones and your, fitting in your editing and your planning and everything around other things, you're, you are going to have a different pr, a different product but be true to that product, right?

So like I said, with myth take it's a lot of extra work. But we make sure we're really enthusiastic and we have something that we really wanna say with each episode that we do with that one as well. That 

Tim Ribaric: sounds great. I think that's some good advice that I'll take to heart to not to.

Concentrate on making it, not concentrate on and exactly how people respond to it. That's 

Alison Innis: great. And it's really hard because we're motivated by the numbers. We wanna see the numbers, people people wanna see numbers to know that it's successful. But like I said before, I think there's multiple ways of measuring is success.

And anybody who listened to forward and learned something new to me, that's a su And I might not ever know that, but I put that information out there. Very cool. 

Tim Ribaric: So as we're winding down and, since we're talking about you, you're mentioning an upcoming season forward. Is there any hints or spoilers you can give us for what we might expect this coming 

Alison Innis: year?

I'm not far enough along in the planning to be able to do that. At this point I with the pandemic, as everything this semester Sure has been a little. A little unusual and a little more hectic than usual. So I've had to readjust my plan, so I'm not even sure exactly.

Sure. Unfortunately, right now, when I will be doing another, like when our next series will come out, I'm certainly hoping that we can do something next spring. Again, following that original timeline. I do hope as well at some point that we can maybe talk to some alumni about what they've done with their humanities degrees as well.

So we've got some different areas that we're thinking about exploring. But I nothing concrete now, so people will just have to subscribe so that when the episode. When the new season drops, whenever that is, they will get it. So Very cool. So 

Tim Ribaric: perfect. Always a, b p. Always be podcasting, right?

Yeah. Very cool. So Alison I just wanted say thank you for spending the time with us today to talk. Thank you so much. Inside baseball about podcasts and maybe. At some point in the future, we'll sit down again and talk about, how forward is doing and then how steering is doing and, and it, and the podcast scene at Brock.

Generally, I feel like it's a thing that's on the up and to watch this space. Interesting stuff. Yeah. 

Alison Innis: And. I'll just plug a new podcast, a brand new podcast within the Faculty of Humanities. One of our visual arts Professor Linda Steer, has launched unboxing the Cannon this September, so she's just a few episodes into that.

So I think there's exciting stuff coming down the pipeline. 

Tim Ribaric: Very cool. So we can say, we did podcasts before they were cool, or as they were getting cool. I don't know how to describe, we were part of making them cool. We made That's right. Yeah. We're taste makers are cool or cool hunters with the podcasting.

Very cool. Awesome. So I think we've had a good cruise out on the water. So I'll take this opportunity to drop the anchor and thank you Allison for joining us on this episode of Steering the Digital Scholarship. 

Alison Innis: Thank you very much.

