Ep37
===

Tim Ribaric: Hello and welcome to episode 37 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. We're staring down the calendar. The calendar says it's December 8th, and that means this is our end of year list show. Everyone loves doing end of year lists, and we are no different. So joining me today, as always is the ever reliable Daniel Brett.

Daniel, please say hello. Hello. Feel free to elaborate on your, hello. I didn't mean to be so strict. 

Daniel Brett: Thanks for having me, Tim. 

Tim Ribaric: Excellent. See this banter, this is good banter. That's the 37 episodes of banter. 37 episodes get you to this level of banter. Oh 

Daniel Brett: we're thoroughly practiced at this 

Tim Ribaric: point.

Exactly right. Yeah. As I mentioned at the top of the top of the recording, we're gonna take a look at the year in review. So 2020 has been pretty memorable. Would you agree? 

Daniel Brett: Certainly memorable good or bad, memorable, but yeah, 

Tim Ribaric: we'll get into that. I suppose the one thing that to keep in mind is that due to various things, life getting busy and the job getting busy, we haven't recorded in quite some time.

I think it was maybe October was the last time we recorded an episode. Does that sound familiar or correct? It's 

Daniel Brett: certainly been a while. Things have just gone Absolutely. A loopy since the semester really kicked into gear. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, very true. I, I. Have this simultaneous, and you can tell me if it's the same thing for you.

Like where I don't remember anything and then I remember, but I just know a lot of things happened. 

Daniel Brett: Yep. That's why we keep all of our notes the things that we do, because there's no way we would remember them if asked. Especially not on the spot. 

Tim Ribaric: Yep. There you go. Exactly it.

So feel good that, I'm have I told you this? And I'm sure I have. And if I haven't, then you know, it makes total sense. I'm demonstrating the point even more. Have you ever heard the slogan about what Albert Einstein said about the only thing you need to remember?

I have not heard this. Okay. Then I must have badgered my children with this anecdote a bunch of times. Then Albert Einstein said, the only thing you need to remember is where the library is. Everything else, you just look up. So there 

Daniel Brett: you go. Yeah, nowadays the library's in your 

Tim Ribaric: pocket even less to know good call.

Daniel Brett: It's true. We don't need to know anything at all because when in doubt, you just turn to the speakers, scattered around your house and say, Hey, can you tell me the information? And then it just yells it at you. 

Tim Ribaric: Yep. There you go. We're now totally obsolete. We don't need to know anything anymore, not even where the library is.

So that's reassuring because it's been months since we've been to the library, so I don't even remember what it looks like anymore. Ah-ha. Oh yeah. So before we get into the heavy business of looking back at our. And taking a look at what we accomplished. I wanna ask him, we're getting close to the end of the year and as with the end of the year comes the holiday break, which I always look forward to every year, cuz it's a nice long shot of sleeping in and just worrying about eating as the only responsibility that you have.

What do you have planned for your break this year, Daniel? Anything interesting, exciting that you care to? 

Daniel Brett: I've actually been talking with my wife not too long ago about what our big plans are since we have no travel plans for obvious reasons and. We've decided that we're gonna do something we haven't done in a long time.

Reignite that childhood spark and we're just gonna buy a video game and one of those long, hard, hardcore video games. And we're gonna, we're just gonna spend two weeks playing through it, start to finish, and we're gonna try and get like a platinum trophy on PlayStation. I haven't done that since I was a teenager.

Wow. 

Tim Ribaric: That's, that sounds like a perfect way to spend your break, to be honest. And I'm jealous for not thinking of something like, It's nice and safe. Yeah, there it is. Exactly. Any any early leads on what game you guys are gonna get into? 

Daniel Brett: Honestly, no. We were trying to figure out if we wanted to like, jump on the PS five train, but we're those people who usually wait a year after a console comes out before buying it, unless something really good that we were really into it.

Shows up. Like the reason why we bought a switch right away was Breath of the Wild. But we don't really have anything like that for the PS five that's forcing us to buy it. So we might just look for something on the Switch store or on the PS four. Very cool and probably go with that. 

Tim Ribaric: So just to just to show my age to all the audience my favorite game that I done the similar sort of just immerse myself in and play until exhaustion was resident Evil two.

On the original PlayStation, so there you go. Huh?

I think your your sigh there really spoke volumes, though. It was only one syllable. Yes. Very cool. I'm happy to hear you guys have put together some plans. I was gonna wait to hear what you were coming up with before bragging about what we're gonna do. And to be honest, the kids and my wife and me, I don't think we've made any plans whatsoever, even anything as tentative as getting a video game and playing the heck out of it.

So I think the. The one thing we will spend some time doing is playing some more board games. We're not like a huge board game family, but my kids have recently discovered Monopoly and one time we were playing for about two and a half hours and they still wanted to keep going. So it's it's maybe I should nurture that.

In them and keep up with the board gaming. So probably play some board games then. We don't have any cool ones though, that's the thing. So maybe we'll sit down, use some of our Christmas money to, to buy a game and then wait for it to arrive and then get into it. So that's about it for us.

Daniel Brett: Yeah, nothing wrong with Monopoly. Like Monopoly and Katan are my go-tos, or at least Monopoly was when I was a kid. Nobody wants to play with me anymore because they're. 

Tim Ribaric: Lame. There's actually, I dunno if I've talked to you about this. There's a version of monopoly called Communist Mono. Okay.

Yeah, so you're laughing. And the same thing I did when I heard it because how can you have communists monopoly because they're, two opposite things, maybe that's the thing I'll try to convince my kids to play is communist monopoly. We'll see. 

Daniel Brett: Interesting. I'll have to look up the dets on that.

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. So with that Daniel, you're a fan of the internet. I see and hear that you're on it every once in a while. Accurate. So what's the what's the common thing that we find on the internet around this time of year in early January? In terms of posts what category of posts do we see a lot of this time of.

I 

Daniel Brett: feel like this is a question with a specific answer, but I'm guessing resolutions of some sort. 

Tim Ribaric: Ooh, resolutions Very good answer. Wasn't the one I was aiming for what I was trying to get you to say. Is listicles right? Oh yeah. Everyone was top tens exactly. Listicles of. Top 10 2020 movie premieres that bombed, et cetera.

And this is the time of year for them to really get put together and show up in your Facebook and your Twitter and your r s feeds for olds like myself. So we're gonna do a version of that here, and what we're gonna do is play the top five, both the worst and the best, top five of 2020.

So I'll start with. And I'll ask you the question, what's your top five for? 2020? Okay. 

Daniel Brett: So just full life stuff. So work has been pretty all consuming for the last nine months at least, which, and not in a bad way. I've actually come into my own on the workshop circuit and that.

Probably my absolute favorite thing about the last year is the breadth and depth of our workshops that, that I've been able to run. And then just the audience that we've been reaching with all of them it's become a really nice sort of relaxing thing to just write a new workshop and then run it for a new group and polish it.

It gives me something to focus on, so I've really. People who puts something they do at work as their number one for the year. Number two this has been my first year, married to my wife. So we had our one year anniversary. And it's actually been really nice, 

Tim Ribaric: weird year. Congratulations.

That's a, that's an awesome milestone. Weirdly, 

Daniel Brett: Being. Being in close quarters for nine months just stuck in the house together. We had to skip our honeymoon because of all of the world shutting down. But we ended up seeing more of each other in the, these last this year than we have in like our entire nine years of being together.

It's I think. That is another one of my absolute favorite things about this year is that every morning I wake up, we eat breakfast together and I know that she, not always lunch, but, and then she's home for supper every night and just eating as a family together. It's such a, It's such a thing that I've never really had.

And I got to experience it for a whole year, which was just wonderful. So as far as first years married go it, it's been absolutely 

Tim Ribaric: lovely and thank you for sharing that. I thought today would be very dower, but in fact you're, oh, no. Pulling it towards a nice ray of sunshine. 

Daniel Brett: How much we can carry that mood.

So the last three aren't nearly as exciting. Those were the two big ones that really stuck out to me this year. I renovated my office this year. My home office again, another result of this whole crazy scenario being at home. I wanted a nice, comfortable place to, to work from home.

And I absolutely love it. It has made my day so much brighter. I got one of those happy sun lamps. So a nice, it was a nice project to take my mind off of the. Done. It's a wonderful place to just spend my 

Tim Ribaric: day, yeah. You spend a lot of time there. You wanna make sure it's what you want.

That's certainly true. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. And I'm very happy with how it goes. The quality of this microphone is all due to the office renovation. I now have a very nice microphone. I have a fancy schmancy camera set up. I've got multiple monitors and. All sorts of stuff. All I got my huge whiteboard, which, and I'm, I know you tease me for being a whiteboard person, but I love having a 

Tim Ribaric: whiteboard.

I, it's not teasing, it's jealousy because there's no method or way that I could keep track of my thoughts and my to-dos. So I'm secretly jealous or not secretly jealous. Blatantly jealous. 

Daniel Brett: There is something extremely satisfying about having. A list of tasks and then physically wiping one of those off as you complete it.

It's just endorphins, just a big rush. 

Tim Ribaric: That's great. That's great. 

Daniel Brett: So yeah, that's number three. Number four, the completed dasa collaboration that we did this year. I really enjoyed For those of you who don't know the Data Analytics Student Association at Brock teamed up with the Brock DSL to do a series of power BI workshops with a big competition at the end with a thousand dollars in prizes.

Really, it went very well. It was very satisfying, lots of fun. So I really enjoyed being part of that process. And then the joy of the winners as. Loads of money. And it was just cash prizes. It was just like, here's $500, and they cheered. It was a good time. And then number five, isn't it?

It's such a small thing, but it brought us so much happiness over the last few months. And it is a recipe I found for Tuscan chicken and it is just the best. Wow, that's great. We've been making it and cooking Tuscan chicken at least once a month. And then we always do like triple sauce and double the chicken so that we have lots of leftovers.

Tim Ribaric: So then I'll ask you the hard-hitting journalism question. What's the secret ingredient? 

Daniel Brett: So it actually uses. Like whipping cream. Cool. To really thicken it up. So I've seen other recipes where they just use like your regular like cream for your milk which is like 10, 10, 15%. This is like 30% cream.

And we use an entire big box of cabbage not cabbage. What's the. 

Tim Ribaric: The other one that's like cabbage, but comes in a box. Oh boy. 

Daniel Brett: Spinach. Spinach, okay. It's just really fun because you take this huge pile of spinach and it's I have rather large hands and it takes me two big handfuls for all of the spinach, and then it simmers down into absolutely nothing.

It just disappears and it, you just watch it like cotton, candy and water as all the spinach. Disappears into the sauce if it's really fun. Wow, 

Tim Ribaric: that's awesome. Yeah. Thank you for that. Lovely and thoughtful top five. And now I'll take the opportunity to run through my top five and just to peek behind the curtain and let all the listeners know all the fantastic behind the scenes action going on.

Before we started recording, Daniel asked me like what does the top five mean? Does that mean life stuff or work stuff? And. Accurately and nicely thought about life stuff first. And I didn't even think about life stuff first. I just thought about work stuff. So unfortunately my list won't be as enlightened and as uplifting as Daniels.

And I'll just go through my top five work stuff for 2020. Yeah, I apologize in advance cuz it's all gonna be schmulty, but. Schmaltzy is not the right word. It's not gonna be useful and uplifting. It's gonna be worth work ish stuff. 

Daniel Brett: I'm sure it'll be fine. You don't need to downplay it preemptively.

Tim Ribaric: I've just gotta set that expectation really low. So nothing nothing bad happens. Fair enough. So here I guess there are in priority order, and once again I'll reiterate this is a work list. So I think the biggest thing I. Take a sense of accomplishment for very similar to what you were talking about with your item number one, but I'll go really specific for mine and I'll say the first time I did a machine learning class that actually worked.

So the first time I did a machine learning workshop was, I think in August. It was okay, but it wasn't great when I ran it again in the fall a few times I had it fixed up so that it was actually, I think a better experience. And then based on feedback in the class as well as post-workshop feedback, I think I really slam dunked it.

So I'm happy that I took a weird concept and wrote. Pretty decent workshop about it, and I'm looking forward to running it again next semester. All, that's what we call a teaser in the biz. The second thing, which might, everyone might take with a grain of salt, I would definitely say working from home was a was a bonus or was the situation that caused working from home to happen, is one thing, but the ability to actually work from home has been.

For my personality and the type of work we do pretty good and something I've enjoyed. It's enabled me to spend more time with my kids than I would've normally. If I was zipping back and forth to work. I have a, by all accounts of computer with a little bit more horsepower than the one that's at my then also, the internet connection, I think is a touch, it's not as shaped, let's say, as my work connection.

So it ends up being a little bit better. And the one thing which I'm sure most of our audience will agree with is that there's no lineup for coffee in the morning. It's great. I don't have 10 minutes to wait for my large black. The machine gets it ready for me and then I'm good to go.

There you go. The third thing I'll mention, which is still a work in progress and I've never wasted a good opportunity to talk about it, is that I'll be teaching a class for librarians and the audience will know and know of this and it'll sound familiar. The Library JS Academy, which is a professional development platform.

I'll be teaching a class for them in May called Python for Librarians, which very much picks up and extends the workshops that I've been working on and delivering in the past let's say nine months, about Python and how to use it for data science. So I'm really interested in seeing how that comes together.

I'm certainly enjoying putting the material together for that class. So that brings me to, I think two more. So the other thing I'll mention quickly my last two is the the Omic workshop we did, which was a really cool collaborative effort with David in the archives. And Daniel, you were there I'm sure you remember.

And it was really cool because we got a lot of stuff out of it. We got a good audience from people all across the campus. And then we also recorded. Turn it into promotional item and we've got a potential project we're working on that'll fall out of it and really hopefully kick off when winter term starts.

And then the last thing I'll mention for my top five is the collaboration with dasa. So Daniel, please take this as a pat on the back because that's exactly. How I wanna structure it. That collaboration was I think really great. You put a lot of effort into it and especially when I heard the thousand dollars worth of prizes, I knew it was serious business.

That was really cool to see happen and have delivered and be another successful sort of story in the history of the d s. Awesome. So that's my top five. So let's just turn the page a little bit now and maybe not focus on it, but it's worth drawing attention to because bad things happens just as much as good things.

Now, what would you say your worst five is? For 2020? 

Daniel Brett: Everyone in the world's number one. I'm not a huge fan of this covid 

Tim Ribaric: thing. Yeah, I hear that often. 

Daniel Brett: Yeah, that was not great. There are certainly some nice moments that came out of it, but as a whole, it is a big ole negative that I'm not a fan of.

I am not good at finding negative things. I'm generally a very positive person. I believe that it was at the start of this year that we ended up having our lovely coordinator move to another position leaving an unfortunately vacant position in the DSL that has yet to be filled and that has, so that would also.

Tim Ribaric: That'd be number two. Yep. Yep. This is a real testament to your personality. If you're if you were to ask me the same question, I think I would tumble out 10, 15, 20 things that were bad before I even took a breath. But 

Daniel Brett: It's, I'm very good at forgetting bad things and remembering good things, which is the opposite of many like default personality traits.

Like the average human mind where people tend to glom onto the negatives over the positives I'm quite the opposite. I remember all the good things and lose a lot of the bad things. Unfortunately means I'm doomed to repeat many of them, but such as life I feel like I'm happier for it.

I remember some sadness that we haven't been able to. Our friends. That, that has been very difficult in my house both with me and my wife. It is a sad thing when you can't go and sit and hang out and chat with anybody in person. And I feel like that is just, that's something that.

It's struck deep. And then, and it still left us feeling a little down. I feel like we should probably have done the negatives first. So the positives wiped those away. But tell 

Tim Ribaric: you what, I, you gave me your top three. I think that's pretty good. I won't, yeah. I won't force you to go to that and dig deeper.

Ill take care. I'll 

Daniel Brett: leave it to you. You're the pessimist of the pair. 

Tim Ribaric: You gotta, yeah. Yeah I'll turn the sort of spotlight in my direction then and I'll give you what I consider my worst five for 2020. And to no surprise whatsoever, COVID is on the top of my list.

Yeah, I agree with you there. Also, I will also agree with you, and I've had on my second, as the second item on my list, it was losing a team member. So that was that was tough. And as you mentioned, we're still short and, someday our luck will turn and we're making the best of it, but it's it's, it's add some, it's added some stuff.

Then I'll go to the third thing and then I'll mention it's the machine learning. Taught that didn't go well. So that's how much it's on my mind is is the one that got away. Like I didn't prep for it enough. I maybe should have ran a test run a little bit better. But that, that is that.

So I asked you for top three, and that's the top three for me. Let's see, now that we've recap. Sort of general accomplishments and things. Let's see if we can take a look now and recap what the podcast, what happened with the podcast this year.

So the podcast in 2020, as you faithful listeners will know that we've been ploting since oh gosh, 2018 maybe. I don't know. I don't even. I think we started it. 

Daniel Brett: It was one of the first things that we decided on as a dsl when the DSL came into existence in October of 2018. Like in terms of having actual human beings in positions.

I think it was probably November. 

Tim Ribaric: 2018. Okay. That that, I think that vaguely rings a bell. As I mentioned at the start of the episode, I know stuff happened, but I don't remember anything that happened. So congrats to you for having a functional memory to 

Daniel Brett: conjure that up. That's when I started work for the dsl and I remember it was one of the first things we, we decided on.

Probably around that 

Tim Ribaric: time. Excellent. Just to fill in the details about the podcast I had a team of scientists review our old podcast information and notes and compile some interesting facts for us for the podcast in 2020. According to analysis, we did 12 episodes in 20.

And by comparison we did 23 episodes in 2019 and I guess the end part of 2018. Definitely slow down a little bit, but I would say that we're we're all killer, no filler, so might as well have less episodes of higher quality than us. Not bringing it home every episode. I guess that's my excuse anyways.

Daniel Brett: I like it. I like it subtle pat on the back saying that all of our episodes are gold. 

Tim Ribaric: There it is. Excellent. I'm happy. Impartial impartial evidence proves my point or backs up my point. The other thing the scientists discovered is that the notes we keep for our episodes really suck. Because when I was trying to look back at the different topics we were discussing the notes didn't help me get to the bottom of that.

And our show notes as a consequence, don't accurately reflect what we cover anyways. I think this is something that we've discovered, as a. Sort of course of action that any person does. We were Googling the podcast and we found one, one of the descriptions of our podcast did in fact say the notes were no good.

So maybe we'll spend some time making better notes. I don't know, 

Daniel Brett: perhaps reminds me of that. Captain Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbeans you're the worst podcast I've ever heard of, but you have heard of us. 

Tim Ribaric: There you go. Exactly. Yet. Next next interesting nugget. We had interviews from four different people and on one occasion the same person twice.

So we ended up with depending on how you want to classify our colleague Sharon she's not a regular cast member, so it'd be like a hiphop song where it's like the main performance featuring, Sharon Janssen. So that's, I think, how we'll characterize those. As we've touched upon already with our bad news list, we had a lineup change and we're, Still pining for those days from before.

And then another interesting fact, our logo has changed. Can you tell us a bit more about the artist that provided us the the logo? Oh, this 

Daniel Brett: artist is just the most wonderful person in the world's, just beautiful and sweet and kind. Extremely skilled in every way. It's my wife. She's the artist.

She. Been doing art for, since she was, I think three years old and been just improving ever. She puts a lot of pressure on herself to get things perfect, and this time we asked her to do pixel art, which she hadn't done in a long time. So I feel like it, it turned out very well. 

Tim Ribaric: Definitely. I certainly agree.

And I and working with her by extension through you was really great because all I just said was, I don't know, make it like pixely and we had a few iterations of looking at it and adjusting it. So I really appreciate. Her time spent, listening to crackpot Tim come up with a, we need the boat to look more like blocky.

And she actually made sense of that kind of comment. Funny 

Daniel Brett: anecdote about that. Actually, yesterday, she was looking through an old notebook. She found the original really horrific drawing that I did for our very first logo, the one with you, myself, and Alicia on the boat. She found my original sketch that I did and I was looking at, I'm like, how the heck did you.

Into that beautiful piece of art that we had. Oh, that's great. It was just like three potato people with a box that was the ship 

Tim Ribaric: For loyal listeners. Every loyal listeners will know that Daniel's use of the term potato as an adjective refers to something not quite up to snuff, not very polished or professional.

When I hear the word potato, I think of delicious tuber. But Daniel uses that. It's a, it's something that needs a little bit of work. 

Daniel Brett: So in this case, I was using it for both of my ways of using the term in that it definitely was not up to snuff but also literally looked like potato people like potatoes with eyes.

Tim Ribaric: Very good. Okay. Then you're hitting on a bunch of cylinders. So yeah, I encourage you all. I suppose if you're listening to this you know about the podcast and you've seen our logo drop us a line on social or an email and let us know if you like it or not. I certainly do. So that's all that matters and I think Daniel, you like as well, right?

So I do. Two more bits of trivia information. The I was looking at the usage statistics. Of the podcast and I can comfortably say that the biggest driver of traffic is in fact our website. So a lot of people jump to the website and see the amazing graphic there and then click through to listen to the episodes.

That's not something I would've thought that sort of outpaces our social media as well as r s feeds. It's the website drives the most traffic, which I thought was pretty interesting. And unfortunately you mentioned earlier about. It's the worst podcast you've heard of.

At least you've heard of it. The biggest sort of source of traffic we have is Apple checking to make sure our podcast still works. So we're listed, as I'm sure and others On Apple Podcasts as well as Spotify and available through an RSS feed and directly through SoundCloud. So every once in a while Apple will download an episode to make sure that our, it's still working and I guess to pre-process it for their platform.

So our biggest traffic comes from Apple. So hopefully one day we can say that our listeners drive the biggest amount of traffic, but we gotta make more episodes for that. I.

So I see that we're coming to the end of our time. So what we're gonna do is just play one quick game here where I'm gonna ask you some questions. Okay? So Daniel, we'll call this podcast 2020 trivia Breakdown.

Okay. As I mentioned, I looked at our usage numbers. To get an idea of who's coming from where and what's doing what. So I've got a quick game I wanna play with you. There's two questions. We'll start off with the first question. Which episode of these three do you think had the highest listens?

Episode 25. The one where we recap student project. Episode 32, the one that was titled Training Montage, where we talked about our training I think as I said before, no, it sucks. And then the third option for you is episode 35, which was entitled International Audience. So those options, once again, give you more time to think.

Episode 25, student Projects, episode 32, training Montage or Episode 35 International. 

Daniel Brett: I feel like it would be the international audience one. 

Tim Ribaric: Ooh. In fact, that came in at number two. Oh, so let me break it. Let me run it down for you. Our top listen for the year of 2020 and I'm fairly certain all of the traffic was organic and not bought, automatically driven.

At least that's how it appeared to me when I was looking at the statistics training Montage came in at the top with 102. Listen. Yeah. Interesting. Episode 35, the international audience clocked in at our second top episode at 76 listens. And then a third on that list was the student projects episode number 25 with 71 listens.

That's so I just wanna go ahead. That's pretty 

Daniel Brett: good. It's interesting that there's such a large gap between number one and number two. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. We did something right with episode 32, so you gotta believe I'm gonna be re-listening to that one and see what kind of magic we we did. The one thing we can reliably say is that it's in the triple digits. 

Daniel Brett: That's, We've hit the big 

Tim Ribaric: time. That's right. We gotta start cashing them checks. I don't know what, where we get them from, but I imagine we'll be cashing them soon. 

Daniel Brett: Maybe now that we've got one episode that has passed the 100 mark, we'll start getting sponsors.

Real sponsors. Not like our fake sponsors we've had throughout the show. Yeah, 

Tim Ribaric: exactly. Sponsors hit us up. Dsl brock, you.ca. We can play ball. Just talk to us.

Okay. So we'll end this off now with with another, And that's gonna be called or another question for our game. It's gonna be called the top three countries. So I also took a look at the statistics for what country our traffic comes from. So let's throw United States and Canada right off the top and get rid of them.

Because of course most of our traffic will be from those two places cuz that's where we are closest and we speak English and all that kind of stuff. So I'll give you a list of the next five countries. You tell me which one of the five was our top and what sort of came next after us and Canada.

Does that make sense? Yep. All right. Here we go. Russia. South Africa, Ireland, Egypt, or Spain, which one was our top Outside of US and Canada? If I had to guess, 

Daniel Brett: I would probably say South 

Tim Ribaric: Africa. Oh, interesting. Would you care to elaborate? 

Daniel Brett: There's a lot of. English speaking in South Africa, Ireland also, but it's much smaller.

So in terms of just going off the language I, I would probably say South 

Tim Ribaric: Africa. Very interesting guess. And I like your rationale. Unfortunately it's incorrect though. Oh. Our top three countries are the US Canada, followed by. Spain, huh? Yeah, exactly. That's what I thought as well. And then, so going down the list then from highest to lowest, it was Spain, Ireland, South Africa, Russia, then Egypt.

Interesting goal. Figure eight, we reach an international audience, is the best way that I can describe that. 

Daniel Brett: We certainly do. It's not just our workshops, it seems like in all aspects we are becoming a global entity. 

Tim Ribaric: That's right. We're media moguls drink dsl, brand Cola cuz that'll be, we'll have 

Daniel Brett: to get a little bit more of our social media.

Active for that, we need to be like Wendy's and just have a social media presence that's very snarky and have somebody hired specifically to monitor it and respond 

Tim Ribaric: to things. I like where your head's at sh we, we need to have a brainstorming session afterwards to, to get to the bottom of this. All right, so with that, let's drop the anchor for today's episode.

And we'll end off by saying what do we have in store for next semester? Daniel, why don't you run down quickly? What's going on next semester? 

Daniel Brett: Next semester the biggest thing would be our winter workshop series. And. Since we have such a global audience feel free to check out our Eventbrite page for all of our workshops.

They will be, the majority of them are open to the global audience. And we've got between. 20 and 40. I haven't counted them, but there's a lot. And there's a good variety. We're running many of them multiple times. So if one date or time doesn't work for you, then feel free to, to jump into a later and greater one.

And then for our local Brock listeners, then especially specifically those in the Goodman we're doing another competition with the Data Analytics Students association. So that'll be another fun activity that we're doing. 

Tim Ribaric: That's great. Thank you for that awesome recap. I won't try to flub and add onto it.

I think you got it really good. And I guess, to really get a sense of what we're gonna do next, you'll need to listen to the next. So thank you for Thanks. Plug see what I did there? Okay. So I'll thank you for listening to episode 37 of steering the Digital Scholarship.

