Ep39
===

Tim Ribaric: All right. Hello and welcome to episode 39 of Steering the Digital Scholarship Institute Debrief. So hello and welcome. This is Tim who will be your acting captain for today's voyage. However, with me today is guest Cal meu. Cal is the instructional design librarian here at Brock University.

Hey Cal. How 

Cal Murgu: are you? Hey, Tim. Thanks for inviting me. Appreciate it. I'm doing well today. Thanks. 

Tim Ribaric: Can you tell us a little bit about your job? The the job title you have is pretty 

Cal Murgu: interesting. Yeah. And it's unique, I think in libraries. You don't see too many instructional design librarian titles, although a lot of the work that I do, I think is sprinkled in other people's titles like liaison teaching and learning.

And, but I'm as an instructional design librarian, I guess I'm here to Bring our focus on the way that we teach and the PE pedagogical aspects of our work as librarians and I spend a lot of time introducing folks to new ways of creating online content, digital learning content, but also thinking about the way that we teach in the classroom.

And that's been obviously more difficult right now given the pandemic. But I'm really looking forward to that side of the work as well. And when it comes to D s I, I think the, we'll talk more about this, but the, one of the, one of the areas of focus for us was, Introduce people to teaching with new tools.

So there was a clear intersection for this role and the work that I do. 

Tim Ribaric: Right on. Very good. Thanks for sharing. So I'm gonna put you on the hot seat right away. This is classic 2020 action right here. Yeah. I know you're new to the institution, but what are your impressions of Brock so far?

Cal Murgu: Yeah, as I said, I started remotely and I've really only been to campus once. In terms of the remote work that Brock is doing in the library specifically I think we're at the same place where a lot of similarly sized institutions are, where it comes to trying to figure out exactly how to do this remote and online learning thing.

And to an extent there's this feeling of we're doing it live, but now that we've had some time, I think we're reflecting on what we did well during the pandemic and what we can continue doing after the pandemic, and then things that we can set aside and focus our attention to other places.

I'm really enjoying working at Brock so far. It's good to be back in Canada. One of the things that attracted me to Brock in the first place was the focus on undergraduate kind of education. We're a pretty big institution relative to where I used to work, so it's nice to be at a large institution, but it's also good to still have that focus on undergraduate students and that high touch kind of element that I really enjoyed at my 

Tim Ribaric: previous.

What what we're

All right. All right. Thanks for sharing that. So what we're gonna do I know you're a big fan of the podcast and you know all the details about it, so do you wanna help me ring the bell to get to our next our next section of the pod? Sure. So just reach up and grab that string there and that'll ring.

Cal Murgu: Okay. I'm grabbing it right now.

Tim Ribaric: Awesome. Okay. As we often do an icebreaker game or something a little bit on the entertaining side before we get to the actual action of Oh yeah. Of the show. So today we're gonna play a little game and I'm gonna call it acrostic in Action. Oh, I know. And you remember what an acrostic poem is, right?

Cal Murgu: Yeah. Yeah. You give me, you gimme the first letters and I work my way sideways. Does that work? Yeah. You gotta, you dig 

Tim Ribaric: back to your primary school education. Yeah. Thanks. To get a, to to remember back how to do this right. Okay. So I'll give you a 45 letter word and you give me an acrostic poem. On that inspired by, let's say, digital scholarship.

Then you can gimme a word and I'll try it, and then we can go back and forth until we're thoroughly embarrassed with our answers. How does that 

Cal Murgu: sound? Oh my God. Yeah. I should have practiced. 

Tim Ribaric: See, I mentioned earlier the the trademark 2020 trap door opening question that sort of, leaves that drops you.

And so this is the most intense part of our conversation today. It's gonna be doing acrostic poems on the. Okay. Okay, so I'll start off with the word learn. Can you give me an acrostic poem for learn inspired by digital scholarship? Oh my God, Tim,

you're allowed to pass so you can bat that tennis ball right back at me if you want. See the other great thing I'll do some vamping while you're thinking is that all of our activities aren't actually road tested. And they come to me maybe five to 10 minutes before I actually sit down and record an episode no focus group has approved this and there's been no market research to determine if this is gonna be a successful activity or not. We're in new ground here. 

Cal Murgu: Okay, hold on. I got something. Okay. Awesome.

Tim Ribaric: Tell you what. Yeah. Learn is a lot. That's a big word. There's lots of letters there. Particularly, it's not that big. You. You when, okay. How about this? I'll ask you this question. When you woke up this morning, did you know that you might be forced to do poetry on the spot? No. See, there you go.

As an interviewer, I'm understanding that my question is unfair. So how about this? I'll change my question. Instead of learn, I'll give you dsi. Dsi, okay. Can you give me an acrostic poem Inspired by digital scholarship for the letters D. 

Cal Murgu: Yeah, it's funny cuz you, I can't really use digital and scholarship in it, right?

Oh no. I 

Tim Ribaric: mean, it does what it says on the box, right? So if that's the direction you want to go for it. I have something. Okay, awesome. Go for it. 

Cal Murgu: Okay, I got one. You ready? Yeah. 

Tim Ribaric: Lay it on me. Okay. 

Cal Murgu: Dang computers. How do I use you to do scholarship? Perhaps there's an institute out there to teach. Oh, what do you think?

Golden. Golden. Okay. There it is. 

Tim Ribaric: See, it's like we set this up on purpose, just to get to this answer. Woo, I'm sweating. All right, so I tortured you now's Now is your chance to turn the tables and put me in the hot seat. 

Cal Murgu: So we've tried five letter words, so I don't wanna do that to you.

So I'll try something. Shorter git g i. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, g I t 

Cal Murgu: Ah-ha. It's applicable here. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay, good. Good. Okay, so I've got some things brewing here. And I need to mention to you, I used to listen to a lot of hip hop when I was a teenager. Okay. So I've heard a lot of rhyming words in verse over the course of my life.

to say I'm gonna attempt that here. I just, I think that gives me an advantage is all, and 

Cal Murgu: this what happened or why did you stop listening to. 

Tim Ribaric: Soon as Wutang entered the 36 chambers came out hip hop was perfected. There was no way it could go any better from there.

So I had to stop. Had to stop. Had to stop. Okay. Get a poem by Tim Barrick going to need information te. And Taang exclamation point. There we go. That's it. That's what I got. 

Cal Murgu: That's awesome. Awesome. This is a good icebreaker. At first I was concerned but I think we found the the middle ground in terms of number of letters for this kind of thing.

Tim Ribaric: There it is. Yeah. If you force someone to write a poem, listeners at home, I know you're taking notes. So just to summarize, if you're forcing someone to write a. Keep it to, an acrostic poem at that, actually keep it at three letters or under for best results. Yeah. And we're gonna co-author that paper, right?

And see what see what journal will publish that for us. 

Cal Murgu: Yeah. We have a lot of projects on the go, so why not add one more? 

Tim Ribaric: Excellent. Okay. So thank you for indulging me in this brief maybe not brief at this point. It's been a, or this indulgent look at acrostic poetry. With that said, what we're gonna do is transition now to our our topic for today's podcast.

So today we're gonna be talking about the Digital Scholarship Institute, an event that we ran last week. I'll put a link to the event in the show notes. Cal, can you describe exactly what that event was? Yeah. 

Cal Murgu: Yeah. Digital Scholarship Institute was a two and a half day workshop essentially.

And what we did was we introduced streams to the idea of the workshop. So instead of teaching just one tool or one approach, One software we we gave some options to, to our participants. So participants including faculty, graduate students, staff, they could choose between the mapping stream that focused on smart gis, Esri products.

The annotation stream that focused on hypothesis and or l m s, which is Sacai and digital exhibits with something called Collection Builder. And about 25 participants joined us and split across these streams. And we essentially introduced the tool itself and then focused on ways of introducing that tool into their own pedagogy.

And I think it was really successful. We also sprinkled in a few talks that D S L facilitated one around open pedagogy that was actually a C P I talk center for Pedagogical Innovation talk, Julia Foresight. And then we had another one on kind of digital fluency and why it's important or is it important?

So it was it was really cool. It was this workshop that gave, I think participants an opportunity to create a cohort around the people that were learning within that specific stream, but also to create a larger cohort among people that were interested in this larger topic of digital scholarship and open pedagogy.

I folks can take a look at the website for more information, but I think you're going really well for this first time. 

Tim Ribaric: Cool. Yeah. Just for the folks at home, I don't know I'm, every time we sit down to record an episode, I always think about, what's, what would be interesting to, for the listener yeah.

You drop, you dropped the name c p I. Really quickly, can you just describe exactly what c p I is at Brock? So in case there's a listener who, we're thick and fast with acronyms here, so I like to try to explain some of them if we can. 

Cal Murgu: Yeah. And as, as I was saying, C P I was catching myself.

C P I is the Center for Pedagogical Innovation and it's the folks that work in curriculum. Development and education technology at Brock. So under their umbrella, follow a lot of things like managing the learning management system but also helping folks with their pedagogy and also program review.

Like I said their umbrella is pretty massive. I think it. Mirrors that of the library in terms of all the things that we're trying to do in terms of services. Yeah, they're great folks to work with, for sure. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, I was gonna add that, they're great allies to the library.

We've often, we're moving in the same direction on a lot of initiatives and we often bounce ideas and resources back and forth. I, I wish, we, we are, we had the opportunity to work with them even more because they're. They're pretty innovative in terms of what they can accomplish for the size they are versus, the size of the university.

It's really great. 

Cal Murgu: Yeah. And at my previous institution the C P I equivalent was organizationally, was in the library. My experience working with folks in that field is influenced by. Closeness and that organic kind of, you're not only in the same space, but it helps to be in the same space and that you could just walk across the hall and start collaborating about things.

But it's it has influenced the way that I approach and think about collaborating with the C P I folks, right? Because a lot of the work that we do share synergies for. 

Tim Ribaric: So this brings me to a good you made a joke about it earlier, but it wasn't really too far off the mark about the, the pile of collaborations we're developing and working through right now and they're often, one of the things I should say that we highlight in the podcast a lot of times is the work we do with others and we always try to get someone in to talk about a project or a thing we're working with others. What's your take on collaboration?

Like, how. How do you facilitate that or what's your best approach for ensuring that collaborations happen? I'm a big, I'll ask you that and then I'll give you my answer, so I'm a big fan of organic or not, maybe not, or even organic is not the right way to say it, but just if you have an idea, just share it with someone that you think will like it and then you get.

And then you see if it sticks and then you know, that it contrasts that to like heavy formalized structures within an institution where, there's chairs and meetings and minutes and things like that. I really enjoyed this thing we did with C P I because we just put some pieces together and called up Julia.

And said, can you help us out with this? And she said, fortunately for us yeah, for sure let's do it. And it just went from there, which is how I love to approach all collaborations and projects, just follow the muses or follow the inspiration. But with that said, do you have any advice or an alternative take on how you frame collaborations or how you pursue collabo?

Cal Murgu: No I'm totally on board with that approach to the I like organic. Nimble is probably another way to, oh yeah. That works. Describe it. And so there's probably a, like a episode to be held just on, on digital scholarship collaboration and whatnot. But I think smaller organizations have the advantage of being able to be nimble in that way, maybe because there are fewer of these bureaucratic or whatever mechanisms in place chairs and minutes and all this stuff.

And I love the idea of just pitching ideas to colleagues that one you like to work with. Two, have a set of skills that are applicable in the context of that project. And being open to being told no, I can't really join you on that project right now, but I appreciate the fact that you asked me if I want to collaborate, yeah I love that style of work as well. It leads to really interesting, every day is a little bit different and it leads to really interesting collaborations in my opinion. I think there are probably disadvantages to it too, in, in that style of collaborating. I think there's a place and a time depending on the size of the project for some structure.

But D S I was organic in its own way. We were figuring it out as we were going along. We didn't have a lot to pull from in terms of developing the structure. We did have a few examples what was it, Rochester that we looked at. They had a similar, for sure, 

Tim Ribaric: for sure.

Yep. Yeah. In the United States, a r l has a, has more of a structured sort of traveling roadshow thing where every year it's, hosted a different location. But I think the audience is a touch different, but Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Keep going. Keep. 

Cal Murgu: Oh, I was just gonna say, we were building the plane as we were flying it, which is, which takes a particular type of group, to be on that plane if I keep the metaphor going.

Yeah. Because it can be stressful. And not being able to control everything and knowing exactly what, where you will end up, you have to be open to the idea of it going in a particular direction. And that's, And it's really dependent on the group. And we had a great group in the library, but also outside with c p I.

Tim Ribaric: It's it's like jazz is what we're doing is playing jazz here, right? We're just improvising as we're going along and hoping at the end the audience gives us a few rounds of applause, right? Yeah, 

Cal Murgu: yeah, exactly. 

Tim Ribaric: Exactly. Thanks for bringing it back to dsi, cuz we were drifting away there to the philosophy of, teamwork and all of that.

With that in mind, I'll ask you, what was your favorite part of the event? I know you, you were talking about how it was structured, the work we did and the collaboration, but all told, what did you get the most out of, or what did you feel you enjoyed the most from the event?

Cal Murgu: Yeah, thanks for the question. I really liked, I think. Sorry, I'm just getting my thoughts in order. Yeah, no worries. I enjoyed the period preceding the event where we were getting together for very short check in meetings to see how we were progressing. I really enjoy that.

I think in, in, in libraries and memory institutions and also, Quote unquote white collar work. You don't really see projects come to fruition in such a short period of time. Very often, like often you'll be working on a project for a year and a half or something, right? Or months and it was so cool to see progress happening every week, so I really appreciated that as we were moving forward to the event.

It's probably one of the things that appeals to me about events. There is like this period of time that's bubbling and you're, everybody's working together to get this thing done. There's the thing, and then there's a period of elation afterwards. It's look what we did. And then during the event itself, I I really liked the.

Each day. You can, the listeners can take a look at the schedule to get a sense of how we structured it, but each day there was a there was a period at the end of the day to reflect and I really enjoyed that, that period. And at first I was I was a bit skeptical, apprehensive about it.

I was wondering maybe people wouldn't really want to share. Maybe folks will not feel comfortable sharing that cohort group on something that they've just learned about. Lo and behold, every time there were some really interesting comments, people reflecting on what they learned sharing kind of the positive aspects of what they learned, and also some constructive criticism as well.

I think it was really cool. To hear in particular one participant refer to the work of other people in that cohort as masterpieces. It really, yeah. Warms the heart it reminds you why we do that kind of stuff. So I think that was the coolest part for me.

Tim Ribaric: Right on. Yeah. I just to build on what you're saying a little bit I love the fact that we're all on the same team here in us to a certain extent, oh, yeah. Other for-profit institutions or different workplaces. People are competing against one another for customers or stature within the company.

But everyone clearly and. Everyone's on the same page. In an institution such as ours might be different in different kinds of, universities. I can't speak for all of them, of course, but everyone's on the same page. Striving to do the same thing collectively. So you get this real sense of camaraderie.

I. Which is easy to overlook in normal day-to-day work, particularly in the environment where we're in, where you're just stuck looking into a computer all day. I found for me that was a very uplifting part of the process was everyone was there learning, experiencing things, and like overcoming stuff together, which was super.

Cal Murgu: Were you were you, can I ask you a question or is this Yeah, sure. Of course. Were you. As a facilitator what was that like? Were you stressed out? Were you where was your 

Tim Ribaric: mind at? Great question. The you went into what the streams were, so I was responsible for teaching the annotation stream, which is focused around a tool called Hypothesis.

We'll drop a link in the show notes about it. I encourage you to take a look for it yourself. And where I was coming from is that the the dynamics of the tool didn't take two days to teach. It was fairly straightforward in terms of click this, click that, and off you go. So I was really worried that participants would get bored or there wouldn't be enough activities to do to fill up that time.

Yeah I think I overcame that and, people that were in my stream can tell me otherwise, but I think that was the biggest challenge I had was just making sure that it was a meaningful activity with enough stuff to do for that period of time. And I've heard some follow up, from participants already about, asking more questions, pardon me, about what was going on.

So I felt like that was successful, but. The first time, I guess the other thing I'll mention professionally speaking, the first time I do something is the only time that I'm nervous about it teaching a class like a credit class the first time I did it, I was nervous as heck, but after that it was done.

It was okay. The first journal article I wrote, I was nervous as heck, but after I was done, it was, okay. Same thing here. So the first one, the prototype is always the trickiest one. So next year if we return to this or, do something similar, I'm gonna feel a lot better and be able to actually, do a little bit more jazz with the way it's run just so that I can.

Having gone through something once is the big challenge for me anyways. But yeah. Thanks for turning the tables. I see you're trying to pull the trap door out from underneath me as well. 

Cal Murgu: I haven't forgotten about the acrostic, so 

Tim Ribaric: that's gonna come back.

I don't know, there's gonna be some a decade from now there'll be some sort of collegial self-governance mechanism where I'm asking for feedback from everyone of my colleagues. And Cal's gonna pull this on me and then I'm gonna, it's gonna be the perfect kill bill. Where revenge is finally enacted, but, okay.

Okay, so you you gave us a good overview of what was your favorite part which is great. I'm there with you for all of those things, and you touched upon this, but maybe I'll ask it more specifically. What do you think we could have done or what do you think we should do better next time?

And that's assuming, of course, we should do this again anyways. Yeah, so 

Cal Murgu: I, I took a peek. We we were very mindful about trying to get some feedback, so I think we did a great job in getting some pre-workshop feedback and some post-workshop feedback, and we haven't really dived into it yet. But I took a peek at some of the qualitative comments and I think Something that I was really focused on and trying to get across during dsi, and Tim could probably speak to this and maybe it got annoying at times, was the focus on not only teaching people how to use hypothesis or not only teaching people how to use collection builder, but also like getting them to think, getting 'em into the mindset of how will this impact how I want to teach something, right?

Or how will it be integrated into my class because, Frankly, with Collection Builder for example, not everybody who participated in that will be building exhibits from now until the end of time, but they might use it as a way to teach their students about whatever manipulating data in the spreadsheet, et cetera.

That was one of my areas of focus and I think I need to sit down and think a little bit more about how to structure that because some of the comments suggested that we spend more time on the pedagogy side, right? I think that's something, the question is what should I, what should we do better?

I think it speaks more to managing what we want the outcome to be, and then aligning what we do to meet that outcome. So one of. Outcomes for DSI was that participants will essentially work. The tool or software into their course, right into through an assignment or some other form. And I'm not sure that we met that objective with every participant, right?

Or set up the structure such that objective can be met easily by our participants. So it's something that I wanna think about more to talk to you guys in dsl to how we would do that better. And it's tough, right? Because we have to balance. Essentially this technical kind of teaching.

You have to learn how to use this thing, but you have to, it's not simply a matter of knowing where to go to open it up or installing something, right? Or creating an account. It's really a matter of learning about how it works to an extent that you can then translate that into an assignment so that your students can complete it.

It's tricky. Yeah we just have to think a little bit more about that, I think. And I I definitely think we should do it again. It's been it's been a week or whatever, but so maybe, there's time to reflect certainly. But I think it was a huge success. Yeah. 

Tim Ribaric: Right on.

Yeah, I would, I tend to agree with you at this point about, doing it again and also your take on, what we need to be mindful of for next time. For sure. Now, the other thing I wanted to get a little bit of some info from you. Like we, we use Collection Builder in the session, and that's another Yeah.

Interesting, awesome tool. I would suggest everyone to Google and live through the simplicity of what it does, but how sophisticated it, it is, and all the efforts that it, it's a, it's an awesome tool. So I can't gush enough about it, but it was clear that you had a pretty good relationship with the team that put that tool together.

Can you talk about that a bit and maybe, yeah, if you can, how did you connect with them in the first place or what's the chronology there? 

Cal Murgu: Yeah I second that encouragement to check out Collection builder for people listening. So Collection builder just quickly is another alternative to something like ome.

Where you can quickly spin up a digital exhibit that is public. And the nice thing about Collection Builder though, is that there's no database that you have to spin up. It just relies on a GitHub repository. And Google spreadsheet essentially, and Jekyll. And, magic happens and you profit.

I learned about Collection Builder at my previous institution where I was struggling with this with the resource intensive nature of Mecca. And for those of you that are familiar with AM Mecca you might be thinking, okay spinning up a database isn't that big of a deal. It is, depending on what kind of support you have, right?

And what kind of access to server space you have and the infrastructure at that institution where you're working to make it happen. The second part of it too was that I wasn't really that interested in having students learn how to use a gooey. Omeka is great, don't get me wrong.

But and there are ways to teach with it. In fact, I have a lot I used to be an omeka acolyte, but it's just was telling that students weren't really learning what I wanted them to learn, which is really in the backend. I want you to think about metadata and how it exists in tabular format and why tabular formats are important and how we can translate a spreadsheet into this beautiful.

This kind of stuff. Collection builder offers that kind of stuff. And it's part of this larger movement I called Minimal Computing that really gets away from the graphical user interface and tries to get people to actually play with with the guts of the thing. I, I stumbled upon it because it was listed as an alternative to something called wax.

Tim, I don't know if you played with wax, but sure. Yeah. Similar thing. The difference is wax. You need to use, you need to know a little bit about Ruby and you need to use a command line, whereas collection builder gets rid of that too. So I was trying to find the middle ground bef between Omeka, that kind of spoon feeds students and wax where it's pretty a high bar to get students who probably have never opened a console before to now start running Ruby Commands.

And Collection Builder offered that, which was fantastic. And so I reached out to them and at the time they had an I M L S grant. And they were looking for partners and they didn't have any partners in Florida and they didn't have any liberal arts colleges partners. So I just said, you know what?

Yeah, let's enter into some form of agreement where we use Collection Builder to load up our digital exhibits, and also I'm gonna use it in the classroom and I'll report back, and you can use that as part of your I M L S grant. And that's how it started. And we met a few times and yeah, the folks, it's built by three librarians at University of Idaho, really down to earth people open to helping.

And yeah, it was really great. Cool. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, I guess this echoes the the statement made just a little while ago about, everyone's on the same team here, right? Like the team that put this together didn't, put it behind a paywall or, make it available via licensing only.

And there's a nice little Easter egg, if you head to the project homepage, there's a pricing. On the menu and I'll, I'll let you explore that on your own to see what what the pricing structure looks like. So yeah, thanks for sharing all those details.

It's really cool. Yeah, and I think I come from all of this stuff from computer science background. So think of, I'm the tools first and then application second, but, so my, I'm enamored by how simple. The tool is to interact with if you don't have those technical skills as you're saying.

So that's, I think that's the real selling feature for me. And the other thing I heard you say there Omika, alight I think we need to get that put on a t-shirt. That's, that'll be a number one bestseller I would say. 

Cal Murgu: I I can share with you, you can put it in the show notes. I, years ago I wrote a blog post calling myself a reformed, a Mecca acolyte, where I are you against Omeka for stuff like wax and collection builders? So if the listeners are interested in more in that term, happy share. 

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. So there, there was like a feud. There was, there were the different families of static site generators. O omega's not a static site generator I guess, but Interesting.

It was like the Jedi versus the SY is what you're saying. Yeah, that's right. 

Cal Murgu: And wax is cool too, but I wonder if you agree. And on my point about having to open up the console when it comes to teaching, I don't know if you've tried to teach with wax, have you? And, 

Tim Ribaric: The farthest that I've gotten is doing library carpentry command line stuff.

Yeah. Which is, a shade of how deep you need to get for wax. Yeah. I couldn't, I think you'd need to take a lot of steps Yeah. To run up to it before you can actually dive into it. Who knows, maybe next year DSI will have a No, actually no. We'll do a collection of build there.

Again, if we're gonna do a static site generator, there's no compelling reason not to. That's a pretty 

Cal Murgu: awesome tool. Maybe a web archive stream or something. There you go. 

Tim Ribaric: Exactly. That's a future cal. Everyone is alluding to a future episode that we'll be recording.

Probably in the, at the end of the year once a grant we're working on comes through and we have some deliverables. But anyways so lastly our listeners might be interested to hear that you were involved with like digital scholarship a little bit at your last job. Can you can you talk about that a touch or.

Would you care to share any details about that? I know everyone that's listening right now knows all about digital scholarships. You don't need to go into too much about what it is, but if you can share any experiences or that, that would be pretty cool. 

Cal Murgu: Yeah, for sure. So my old job was a combination of kind of the job I have now in research and instruction, but also a digital humanities.

So I was a research instruction digital humanities librarian and all about long title is Tim. They threw everything at you, but what I. The digital scholarship component in my job was essentially introduce digital scholarship in the classroom. I worked at a liberal arts college where obviously there was research happening, but that wasn't the focus of the place, the focus was on undergraduate education.

I, the questions that I was asking myself and the work that I was doing is what? Accessible tools that are open source that we can use, identify those, and then identify faculty members that are interested in this area of work that are interested in changing up. Some of the assessments that they've been using since the beginning of time mainly essays and to rethink those in, in different ways.

So it aligns really closely to what we were trying to do with dsi. And so a lot of the work that I did at the New College of Florida was that right? So collaborating with faculty and reworking assignments Yeah, I mean there was also some, workshops on the side. We had a digital scholarship studio kind of thing that, but it was not nearly as evolved as the workshops that you guys are running here, but Yeah.

I've told you this before, but when I was trying to think exactly how digital scholarship will work at New College, I looked to other institutions obviously to get inspiration and Brock was one of the institutions that I turned to for inspiration multiple times. So it's funny how I've ended up here by way of Florida.

So I'm happy about 

Tim Ribaric: that. And then the one thing I'll say is that I swear to, gosh, I wasn't fishing. I think if anything else, it just demonstrates how small the community is right now. Oh yeah. So I'm gonna chalk it up against that. Super small. Right on. So a question then do you have any advice for us at steering the digital scholarship and the Brock d s l, about anything we can do differently or maybe would take that one offline, but, 

Cal Murgu: That's a good question.

I, I think. don't know if this is advice or aspirational sort of hopes, but I hope. I hope that DSL is, open to working with kind of folks in other units, like in the librarian. I know you are. It's just identifying the bridges where we can bring people in, liaison, bring, my department.

Sure. Yeah. Myself as an instructional design librarian to work on workshops, but also trying to get into the curriculum with some of these things. Yeah, so it's not really advice cuz I think you guys are killing it. It's just a matter of it's selfish actually. How do I get implicated in the stuff that you guys are doing?

So that's the, what I would say to that question. Okay. 

Tim Ribaric: So one last question on this thread. Can you teach me the secret Digital scholarship handshake so that I can get into the private meetings? Oh, I thought I could get you there. Okay. No comment. No comment. Okay. I gotcha. I still have a way to work up to it, yep. Okay. Let's let's wrap it up or let's slow the boat down. We'll pull back on the throttle and I'll ask you one last question. Do you have any pluggables or anything you wanna talk about that you're working on that you wanna share to a wider audience? 

Cal Murgu: Yeah, right now, I am on the program committee for the Canadian Association for Professional Academic Librarians and the virtual conferences coming up May 19th to May 21st.

It's not really about digital scholarship, but it is about diversity and equity and inclus inclusivity and academic library. So if you're interested in that, please join us. It's virtual and free this year, so no worries. Cool. And then within the library I'm part of an e-learning renewal team where we're trying to rethink the way that we offer digital learning to undergraduate and graduate students.

And part of that, I hope, will involve a digital scholarship component and That's all I'll say about that. And then you already mentioned the the archives unleashed grant that we're working on. So I look forward to that digital scholarship episode where I hope I can come back and we can talk about that.

Tim Ribaric: Right on. Yeah. All the best hip hop has got, featuring, that steering, the digital scholarship featuring Cal Margo. We gotta make sure that happens. Awesome. So thank you for sharing all that stuff. Let's take this opportunity to drop the anchor. And with that I'll thank you to all the listeners for tuning into another episode.

I know we've been pretty lax in 2021, but I'm waving my arms around in the air. That's my excuse. Take a look at what's going on. But just a couple things to shout out. Our summer workshop series is up and running. Details on our homepage. We're spending a lot of time preparing for September cuz we're still in who knows what September's gonna look like.

State. A couple other bits of news. A new librarian will be joining our department later this summer. With luck. We'll be able to have them on future. Stay tuned for that. And my big tease, which Cal has alluded to, I'll repeat just one more time, is that we have some interesting grant work we're undertaking soon.

And I'm hoping now at some point in the future we'll be able to sit down and talk about that. With all of you because I would certainly chalk it up to being a digital scholarship inspired initiative. So with that said, thank you very much for joining us, and we'll talk to you next time.

