Ep43
===

Tim Ribaric: Hello and welcome to episode 43 of Steering the Digital Scholarship. It has been a tech. Thanks for hanging in with us. Hopefully you recognize my voice. This is Tim. I will be the captain for today. Tut with me as always. Is Daniel. How are things Daniel? Oh, 

Daniel Brett: Got a baby. Everything's exciting all the time.

Tim Ribaric: That is very cool to hear. I do not miss that era whatsoever, but it's nice that you youngsters are enjoying it. All right, so for today's episode, I'm trying to come up with the theme or the title of now. And I think that'll become apparent as we go along through today's conversation, exactly what I'm trying to get at with that.

But before we do any heavy stuff, I wanted to get into our patented lighthearted off the wall non-sequitur introduction. So I'm gonna try my best. Daniel, I know you're always the expert at these things. You were having us pull pieces of paper out of coffee cups and doing really cool mashups and and whatnot.

So I'll try my best to, to con, confound and perplex you before we get going with stuff. Sounds good. Okay, here we are. Now I'll ask the question. Who said be. 

Daniel Brett: If we're looking for like Disney reference, then that would be Scar from the Lion 

Tim Ribaric: King. Wow. See, I did not anticipate that. Can you go on a little bit more about that?

Daniel Brett: That's like the big part of his song. He has literally an entire song called Be Prepared, where he's talking about make sure that everyone is prepared to suffer at his power and he's gonna go usurp the king with his army of hy. 

Tim Ribaric: Can you sing us a few bars? No. No. Okay. I didn't anticipate you would the reason.

Okay. So that's not what I had at all in my head for what your answer would be to the question. So this is fun already. What it is actually is the motto of the Boy Scouts. Oh, that makes sense. And it's been around for quite some time, but I just want to. Read from you from a book from 1908 on boy Scouts about things that they need to be prepared for.

And you tell me which of these you do know. And I anticipate some of these. You will, because you've grown up in aery agricultural settings. Okay. So tying knots, making a bit of whack, like a shelter. Yep. Using an ax. To fill small trees and branche. Mending and even making clothes and boots, cooking meat and vegetables and making bread without regular cooking utensils, driving sheep, cattle and horses, killing and butchering cattle and milking cows or goats.

Yeah, I've 

Daniel Brett: personally done all but two of those. I've never mended or made clothing and I've. At the butchering of animals growing up on a farm, that's just how it goes. And I've had to pick a rabbit to be our supper, but I've never actually participated in that, but I've done everything else.

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. So I probably didn't dawn on me that you would've been able to answer in the affirmative for most of these things. Clearly you are prepared and you're so prepared that you even got the the scar thing from Disney's Lion King, which I didn't even consider. You're well on your way to being prepared.

So the next question I have for you then should you have in your bug out bag name three things? 

Daniel Brett: I assume. Do you know what a bug out bag is? No. I assume it's something like like a panic bag. Like what? You grab it to leave 

Tim Ribaric: somewhere? Yeah. Yeah. It's supposed to have your, if if things go sour real fast, it's supposed to have 72 hours of provisions in it, and then and then, you rest assured you'll survive the apocalypse if you.

Daniel Brett: My, I know what my mum's bug out bag, as it as you called it, had, and it, and I think that was a pretty well stocked one. She had her camping kit, which had the little foldable pot, pan knives, little bit of tinder, that sort of thing. Flint steel. Then she had a box of instant breakfast, which was this horrific, mix it with, Powder that turns into a protein filled slurry.

And then she had a big knife and she said, you always need a big knife. 

Tim Ribaric: I love slurry just sounds so appetizing. I would love to have a good slurry for dinner tonight. Tell you what. Yeah, 

Daniel Brett: apparently like they, they've gotten better. They've got all sorts of like flavors you can get like chocolate and vanilla and it's.

Less horrific nowadays, but 

Tim Ribaric: yeah. Okay. Interesting. So clearly this is another topic that you're well versed in, which I didn't anticipate because once again you've proven me wrong. I'm just a city slicker and I don't know a dang thing about nothing. 

Daniel Brett: It's been a long time since I've lived on a farm, but there are certain things that were instilled in us at a very young age when our mother was sending us off into the woods with an ax to play for the whole day.

Tim Ribaric: Wait, go. Go on. That sounds more interesting than what I was hoping we would talk about today. Oh, going out to play with an ax, was that for protection or just for 

Daniel Brett: We were a tribe of four little children unsupervised in the forest quite often with my older brother got to carry the ax and we would each carry like a pot or pan, we'd forage for berries and we would, she would always hand us a loaf of bread and tell us to be back by dark.

And we would just get a bunch of berries, we'd cook them over a fire, we'd bake out on our, one of the rocks on the back of the property, and we'd cook the berries down into just mush. And then we'd put them on bread and eat it. And that was like, Our big outing and we'd go naming rocks and finding trees and then forgetting them and looking for animals.

It was just wild child stuff. 

Tim Ribaric: Wow. That sounds pretty good actually. I wouldn't mind, I wouldn't mind having a free wheel in a few days doing that when I was a youngster. I can tell you that. Okay so the one thing that you mentioned. Didn't hear you say one of the key things is toilet paper.

So that's the only sort of one I think you missed there. You got a knife, you got 

Daniel Brett: not necessary as you discover again, a bunch of children out in the woods, you learn. Ah-huh. Okay. There's a there's a type of plant that grows up north and it was, it's called rabbit ears. At least that's what my mom called.

Yeah. It 

Tim Ribaric: serves well. Interesting. So this is re this is really cool. I think we need to create a spinoff podcast, which is just a history, an oral history of you growing up and all the crazy interesting things that you've done, cuz clearly that's gonna be more exciting than talking about how bad our present and our future might be.

Oh no, 

Daniel Brett: We've got 

Tim Ribaric: hope yet. Very true. Here's a, here's another one to get us through our awkward introductory warmup exercise. Have you ever seen the show alone? I've never seen 

Daniel Brett: it. I think I saw A TikTok about it or something. That's where they drop people out in the wilderness with just like a camera and they have to film themselves.

So it's found footage type deal. 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, that's pretty much it. It's it's a game show where, survivalists get, they've, their choice of 10 items and then along with some basics, and then they get dropped out, as you say, with a bunch of equipment and they have to record the.

And it's quite a hoot cuz it's a old man show, so I'm an old man, so that's why I like it so much. It's on the history channel. So that's another thing that should tell you that it's an old man. And what's really great is all those people have to be prepared. There's the contestants are both men and women, so it's not exclusively fella, fellas out in the bush.

But around day 50 always they just go a little soggy and end up needing company from others or really getting. Thin cuz there's no food out where they're, in the tundra where they're located. So when that's another case of needing to be prepared because now what there's some interesting episodes where a fella actually killed a wolverine with his bare hands.

It was all off camera, so there was no gore, but it was really impressive to hear with mother chirps and stuff. So I, I guess with your boundless youth, you would've incorporated or you would've gotten yourself some outside time very similar to a loan. I don't think the prospect of being in the bush with some resources would scare you then.

Is that fair to say? 

Daniel Brett: It would depend on the bush. Cause I'm familiar with one very. Type of bush, and that is like upper mid Ontario, like lake dipping area, where I know the plants, I know where the berries grow, what kind of rocks there are like very much Canadian shield, but the lower half of it I could probably survive fine there, but most other scenarios I feel like I'd be better off than like a kid who grew up in the city.

I don't know if I'd say I'd be comfortable, but I'd definitely find a way to survive. 

Tim Ribaric: Awesome. So it's good that you're our Sherpa here because you clearly have a good amount of experience answering the question. Now what? And and dealing with the, what you find around you, whether it be abundant or not.

I think this is a good transition to get us into our next exercise or our next point of top. Daniel, does it show that we haven't done a podcast in a few months and I've forgotten all of the the details about how we do it? Is that coming across? 

Daniel Brett: No, it's perfect. In every way isn't 

Tim Ribaric: Okay.

That's good cuz I don't feel bad about murdering this episode so far.

Okay, so as I was just alluding to, it has been about three months since we last recorded, and that was back in June. So Daniel, can you tell us what has happened since June? Ooh, locally, nationally? Yeah. Personally, if you care to share, 

Daniel Brett: I'll start with personally, cuz that's the easiest. I got shingles.

That was fun. I learned all about how our generation is is doing, is more prone to shingles due to weirdly the chickenpox vaccine that children are getting nowadays. Huh. And because we're being exposed to less children with chickenpox, then our body forgets to defend against. And it reemerges.

And for those of you who don't know, chickenpox is the same as shingles. Shingles is just the old people variant of it. It's what happens when you had chickenpox as a kid and it sits dormant in your spine for 20, 30 years, and then it just pops back out and says, hello. That's shingles. Yeah.

So I, it's really interesting about that. It wasn't fun at all, but it was still interesting to learn like. Why am I getting this? Wow. Also, I have a child. He's growing and becoming a person, which is alarming and wonderful. But in terms of work we've just been trucking along. There's been some hits.

We've taken a few hits. I think Lilly was with us last time we did a podcast. Willie has moved on to bigger and brighter things. Lab space is gone, but not gone. Gone. It's been converted and I think for the better into the digital collaboratory at Brock, which we are still part of. We still have the space, we still have access.

It's just expanded its horizons. Yeah. Various other things have been going on. I've mostly been focusing on workshops and developing our workshop support. I don't know if. When this lines up with me developing that four part GitHub workshop series, I think the last podcast I mentioned that already, and polishing things up and moving into the.

Bigger, brighter world of research lifecycle as opposed to just digital scholarship. 

Tim Ribaric: I cannot fal your optimism. I always appreciate that your outlook on life is more positive than mine. Cuz I'm, I scraped the bottom of the barrel and then I got blisters on my hands cuz that's how, or splinters in my hands.

Cause cuz that's how despondent. I am typically. Yeah, I think you did a, a great job sort of describing progress since then. Much luck to Lily and her gig at McMaster and what she's doing there. The space is gone. The other thing that we didn't even have the opportunity to get our old GIS and data librarian in an episode with us because they had left the institution for another opportunity since we last, recorded.

And then the other thing too, which has been interesting is we're still looking for ahead of the department. That will hopefully be addressed by the time our next work, our next podcast is recorded. I'm just kidding. I think we'll be a little bit more frequent than another three months from this point.

But in a plus side in terms of the the library and the space and what we're doing, we're, we've got two big grants that we're u we're working through, which is great. And we have two bang on research assistants helping us out with both of those grants and through really good confluence of different event.

Or being clever about our topics. They overlap with respect to what they're gonna accomplish. So things go well, we'll have an episode in about nine or 10 months devoted to how great the final product is, and we can chat about all that interesting stuff. The the other thing as well or say, let's see what's happened to me since.

There's not much to say I would suppose, except I'm going on sabbatical again officially next July, and I've started my PhD program. So I'm one class in, or one in one quarter class in, and in about five years that'll be finished. And then I'll be really immersed in digital scholarship top to bottom because I'll have a PhD in something.

I'll try to shoehorn digital scholarship as a method into it. How does that sound, Daniel? Does that sum up the lay of the land presently? 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. Yeah. I gotta say, I'm looking forward to the call me doctor phase. It'll be insufferable, but in a fun way. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh gosh. If you thought I was insufferable before, it's just gonna get worse.

So apologize ahead of time. All right, so that's that's one thing. Let's now take a look at a brief look at a few episodes ago and what what life was like.

So I've got a question for you, Daniel. I was taking a look at our listening stats because I was, trying to figure out what we could talk about today. And then also like the future of the podcast and what we want to accomplish. Do we want to keep this going on forever? Do we want to set a nice goal of an end point into the future and then work towards that?

Or, maybe not even decide that. But before we get into that heavy conversation, I want to ask you a question which, Of all of our 42 episode history received the most listens. I'll give you three options and you tell me which what you think. First option is episode 39, which was our debrief of Digital Scholarship Institute from 2021, episode 10, which I called more school in quote.

With a question mark. I went back to listen to it, and I do not know why I came up with the title More School. Gimme that We're episode two, the one we called Fearing Fear Itself. Oh, that was the 

Daniel Brett: one with the Tiger joke, wasn't it? 

Tim Ribaric: What's, what was the tiger joke? Please remind me and our listeners. I 

Daniel Brett: don't, I vaguely recall some sort of conversation about tigers being scarier than something else.

I could be misremembering that completely. 

Tim Ribaric: Ah, good. Your brain is still young. I pliable. That's great. You can you can pull that memory. There's no way I would've had that. 

Daniel Brett: That's. It might not even be that episode. So of those three, which one is the most listened to? 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. 

Daniel Brett: The fact that you're asking this question makes me think that the obvious answer might not be the correct answer, but I'll probably still just go with the obvious answer, which is the oldest episode should be listened to the most.

So that'd be episode two, fearing Fear. 

Tim Ribaric: So you were meta gaming there, if I use that term correctly. You were thinking the answer in ways of what I would've thought that you wanted the answer to be, but no, sorry. What in fact is the case or, the actual distribution? Here is the episode 39, the debrief of the dsi workshop we did from last year, not even this year.

That ranked or scored about 230. Listen, Episode 10. The more school episode had 46 lessons listens. And episode two only had 80 lessons huh. I think our popularity goes up unless we have a stinker of an episode and then it drops down. I was listening to the More school episode and I asked this exact same question before I had, or something very similar about which episode I thought.

Would be the most popular. And I tried to confuse and confound you, just like I tried to do today, but you it didn't work last time and it didn't work today either, awesome. So that's look back at our history cuz I was trying to figure out, what our highlights were and it's tough to believe that it's been 42 episode.

But, maybe there will be 42 more. Good question. Let me ask one last thing before we get to the serious business here, Daniel. And this is once again the same gag that I did for episode 10 in terms of listenership. What are the top three countries that our listeners come from outside of us and.

Daniel Brett: Outside of US and Canada. So my first guess would probably be the uk. I think the classic English speaking world would be more of a target audience just because of the language of our podcast is primarily English. 

Tim Ribaric: So when you say UK, let's you're really hedging your bets there, 

Daniel Brett: Hitting the edge of, oh, you want something specific in the uk?

Let's say England. 

Tim Ribaric: Oh, okay. And what are your, what rounds out your top three? What else do you got? 

Daniel Brett: Let's leave the UK for a bit and I would probably say, Something weird I dunno, Germany,

and then I'm just thinking like the tech focused hubs of the world and then like Japan, I guess 

Tim Ribaric: It, I'm very impressed with your answers cause I didn't end, I was gonna try to give you a clue and say, all three of them are located in Europe, but you did pretty. With your one guess, which I'm gonna count as magical because Yeah.

The top country outside of US and Canada that listens to our show is actually Germany. Oh. Interesting. Go figure. And then next is Spain, and then on in the third place is Ireland. So I was trying to get you to Ireland. Yeah, no kidding, right? Oh, 

Daniel Brett: just population wise, I would figure that England or even Scotland, but Ireland.

Interesting. 

Tim Ribaric: So yeah, our marketing people are telling me that we test well with the Germans and the Spanish. And the Irish. So there you go. That's the breakdown there. That's a totally useless bit of trivia, but what can you do? Oh, I 

Daniel Brett: wouldn't call it useless to know the type of people that are interested in digital scholarship enough that they would click on a random podcast called Steering the Digital Scholarship.

Tim Ribaric: I think the pun factor, is worth, its weighting gold as well, so I can't overlook. 

Daniel Brett: It makes for a great logo as 

Tim Ribaric: well. Absolutely. There's a fine artist that that created that logo, that's for sure. Yes, brag. All right, so let's transition into our last activity here.

So now this is for all the marbles. This is the big question. Daniel, what do you want to do with the podcast? 

Daniel Brett: I've always enjoyed the podcast. I think it's, at the very least, it's a great time to just reflect and unwind a little bit. It's nice and casual and it was always a highlight back when we were doing it quite consistently.

And I'd like to see that again, as of course once the department stabilizes. Should be in the next year or so, although you might not be there to see it once you're off in PhD land or sabbatical land rather. I think it'll definitely be back up and running cuz once, once we have some stable footing, that means we'll be able to start pushing forwards again.

And progress was always the most exciting thing to talk about on the podcast. And I think we. We are soon to return to an era of progress. Not that we haven't been progressing. Now it's just a lot slower. So I think monthly at least if not biweekly or something along those lines once we really get back into the swing of innovation.

Tim Ribaric: All right. As upbeat and as positive as How about this? Do you, what do you think about the the content and the structure of how we do things? I think that work for you. 

Daniel Brett: We have an excellent high level structure of introduction, anecdote, content, aftermath. And then closing. I think that it works.

It's the classic podcast formula and it's worked for lots of people for a very long time, and I'm sure it will continue to do and it keeps things structured, but not so much so that it's debilitating to creativity. I think this structure is good. I think rotating the. The captain, as it were is a really good idea.

I think it would get quite tiresome to be the captain every time. And I've definitely enjoyed my time as the captain. However many episodes I've done that we should probably get stats on that. That'd be interesting. Who's been captain how many times? 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah, for sure. All right. Sounds like we're, I know this production meeting that we're having on the microphone and recorded is really driving everyone crazy with the behind the peak, behind the curtain peak and how we do things here.

But, okay, so what do you think then I'll, maybe I'll keep probing. What do you think about the length of each episode? 

Daniel Brett: I like what we've done in the past where, I know we were a bit wishy-washy at the start, but we settled into a half hour consistency except for special episodes. Usually when we had like a guest spot or an interview or something like that, then it could go longer.

But I think 30 minutes, anything beyond 30 minutes is putting a, a. Pretty big strain on the attention span of the average podcast listener who their commute can't be that long. 

Tim Ribaric: The other thing I was thinking, that's how long someone's gonna go on a treadmill for is for a half hour. Yep. And they wanna hear the whole thing while they're doing that.

No, no leftovers where they have to keep their headphones in when they're done. Yeah. Interesting. Okay, so I think I agree with you on a lot of these things, but here's a pitch I'm gonna make to you. I was thinking sounds like you want to keep this thing going, which is fine by me, and I'm cool with that.

The thing I was gonna come out the gate with was, let's say at least get to 50 episodes, then we have a nice round number. But it sounds we'll keep going. Actually, we should pick some really oddball number to stop at. So that people will think we're Illuminati or it has some sort of secret significance cuz we only made like 71 episodes.

Daniel Brett: Nah, I think it'd be more like something like 132 or like A big number. 

Tim Ribaric: Exactly. So everyone will have to look and listen through all the old episodes to figure out if we were. F hinting at what the number meant, and exactly why we stopped at that particular number. So I definitely want us to keep that on the books in terms of something to confuse our listeners.

So the other thing, okay, the other thing a little bit more seriously now about what I would like to do with this, I think we need to spend some time interviewing other digital scholarship people from across the. I've got a list of maybe about six or seven different people I'd really love to have a chat with.

Oh, that's excellent. To see how they do business. What do you think about that? What do you think about our guest episodes? 

Daniel Brett: I think the guest episodes are excellent and if we can come up with some sort of, You know me, I like structure and consistency and I'm the policy guy. But if we get a nice template for it I think that'd be an excellent way to go forwards because it would let our listeners know what to expect for each one.

So it's not just chaotic. Plugging your own work and then move on, type deal. 

Tim Ribaric: Neat. Because what I had in mind was that you and I brainstorm a set of questions and we ask the same set of questions of everyone that we talk to. Perfect. And then we can make it interesting. We can ask them a really off the wall question what's your favorite data processing language?

And then when they say we don't do data in our digital scholarship place, we can just say I'm sorry, this interview's over. And then we can also cover the basics, right? So we can ask people how they do business and what resources they have and what successes that they've had in the past.

So that's, yeah, I'd 

Daniel Brett: be curious like what people's most popular tool is, for example, stuff like 

Tim Ribaric: that. Yeah. I see. Yeah, I think it would be good. It would help us get to. A picture of what's going on across the country, and it would also help us make some more friends and maybe be an interesting listen for our, our viewers, which gets me into the last question.

What are we gonna call this this interview series. We gotta come up with something as per, we usually do a very silly non-sequitur name, so like the digital scholarship roadshow, or digital scholarship in a can or something like that. What do you think, Daniel? Anything coming to mind?

Daniel Brett: Oh, wow. On the spot. Live on air. All right. Oh I like to keep nautical themes, but it's fun to go a little off the wall. So we could call it like barnacle segments where it's just attached to the podcast. 

Tim Ribaric: Okay. Yeah. I like the sounds of that boats, something along those lines. I was thinking chart something with charts cuz boats are guided by charts, but, that almost sounds too serious.

If we say something like, charting the course of digital scholarship, 

Daniel Brett: call it something like ships in the night where you're passing other ships out in the sea of digital scholarship. That's a fun idea, 

Tim Ribaric: huh? Okay. Okay. Sounds like we need a specialized logo for this too. And make a big fuss on the SoundCloud.

Site somehow, because we'll make a suber of, sailing with our pals or or anchors away or something. I don't know. I think the rich tapestry of nautical puns will be able to guide us here. I think we'll have something. 

Daniel Brett: Oh, yeah I happen to know a pretty good artist too. I'm sure I could convince to do a nice cover image for us as well.

Tim Ribaric: Excellent. So how about let's let's slow the boat down here, throw the anchor out the window, or I should say port hole, and then we'll call it for today with lots of juicy ideas of about what we are gonna do next.

