ep7
===

Erin Daily: Hello and welcome to episode seven of Steering the Digital Scholarship, brought to you by the staff of Brock University's digital scholarship lab. My name is Erin Daley, and for the first and likely last time I will be taking the wheel, I know I'll be taking the wheel and acting as captain for today.

So this week our theme is, are we there yet? And all of our discussions will relate back to traveling and everything that comes with it. But before we get to that, I've got some questions for our group here. So in keeping with our theme, our first question is, where is your favorite place that you've traveled?

And keep in mind that it doesn't have to be anywhere crazy or exotic, even just a particularly fun road trip. So who would like to start? All right, let's do Daniel. 

Daniel Brett: My favorite place. fun and exotic. All right. It was when I went, I was being a hooligan around Europe, as I've mentioned in the past, but this was actually the most touristy part of it that I did was when I was in Venice, Italy.

Oh, cool. And the reason I love it so much is just because everything went wrong when I got there. I got in on the train at two in the morning and I was wandering around. at night in a city. I couldn't speak a language and I had booked a hotel. The Hotel Canada, ironically, , I showed up there and they're like, oh no, you're, we gave away your room booking.

We have no rooms left for full because you were 

Tim Ribaric: late. 

Erin Daily: Because you got in at 2:00 AM No, 

Tim Ribaric: I just gave your room. I hadn't 

Daniel Brett: booked for the whole day. I already paid for it too. And they're just like, yeah, no refunds. Sorry. I'm like, this is. A Hotel Canada. I'm Canadian , you should be good. Be nice to me. But no they kicked me out.

So it was then like three in the morning and I was just wandering around aimlessly in Venice in the middle of the night and I had no idea where anything was or, and I couldn't speak the language. I was just stumbling around until I found another hotel, which was the hotel Scandinavia. And I went in and they were just the nicest people I'd ever met.

And they're just like, oh, absolutely we do have one room left. It's really. It's super cheap because it has like this one, like major deficiency and I'm just like, oh no, what's this major deficiency? It's like the bathroom is across the hall from it instead of in the suite, so it's a hundred euros less.

And I'm just like, ah, yeah I'll take that. They're like, here's the private key to the bathroom. It's oh it's like a private bathroom. Anyways, I just have to walk across the hall . And I went in there and it was a massive room with a balcony that overlooked the market. And it had king size bed, this huge, beautiful room.

And then I spent two days there and it was just stunning. This whole market just bloomed up in the courtyard every morning, and then it was gone by noon. It was just like, this is, it was just the most beautiful place I'd ever been. And I got there completely by accident and for way cheaper than I I expected.

And it was just like a really great experience. Very 

Tim Ribaric: nice boy. These stories are gonna make our sound Pretty pedestrian. That's why it was in Europe. 

Erin Daily: since the bar high. Geez. Yeah. Wow. What about Alicia? 

Alicia Floyd: I haven't done a ton of traveling. I have done a lot of road trips and all over Ontario.

One place I went a couple of years ago, I went to Mexico. It was my first tropical, first and only tropical vacation. It was right outside of Ply del Car. . And I will say that the one thing that I learned from this trip is that I hate resorts. They are the devil's work. I'm telling you. , it was absolutely biblical.

Wow. It was just devil's work. There was some crazy things. First of all, the first mistake was we, I had a friend who was experienced in travel and she did the booking and bless her heart. She tried to do the best thing and really, it was great in terms of what her plans were. But this adult's only thing is not a good idea because adults go crazy vacation.

There was incidents that I never even could have imagined. There was, oh my god, chicken throwing in the pool. I chickens like just no, like cooked chicken from the barbecue that was sitting right beside the pool. I don't know. There was a lot one's worse, right? Like a hang 

Tim Ribaric: in the eighth Beast or something, or take a bite and throw it over your shoulder.

Alicia Floyd: It started with people eating the chicken well in the pool and then it turned into a chicken fight. I don't know, my God. And there was a horrible incident of a man in the. To us, and I'm not even gonna get into it, but it involved a lot of blood and Oh, good. Jeepers. So if you're going somewhere and your goal is not to just get completely wasted for seven days, I would suggest not going to a tropical resort for out what 

Erin Daily: resort was this?

Was it ice like a sandals or? No, it was a blue. 

Alicia Floyd: I can't remember the name of the resort. . I will say though, that we, I 

Tim Ribaric: didn't better left Unaid. Yeah, it's probably better. 

Daniel Brett: I wanna know. I wanna plan my next vacation. Sounds great. 

Alicia Floyd: I'll up and get back to you. 

Erin Daily: What doesn't 

Alicia Floyd: kill you makes a great, there was also a wedding party of about 40 people who were probably in their very early twenties, and it was just, This crazy blow up party for the whole entire seventies.

But anyways, a part of that trip, one day we, I got to pick an excursion and we did the, it was the most amazing day ever. And we did cave repelling into a sane, which was, the hole was the size of this table. And then the cave itself was the size of a Walmart. It was absolutely 

Tim Ribaric: incredible for the listener.

We're sitting at a table that's 50 feet wide, . 

Erin Daily: I was gonna say, this is not a very big table. I'd probably a little stressed going into a hole this size. We 

Alicia Floyd: also visited the Mayan ruins of Elan, which cool was absolutely unbelievable. And the stories that we learned and just climbing up the biggest building that was there.

Incredible and going to the villages of the Mayan people and they were cooking for us and talking to us, and it was the most incredible day ever. And so I realized that between that and another trip I had was to Kingston. I toured the Kingston Pen and. That was amazing. You are, you look very short for penitentiary, pen penitentiary.

Sorry. A prison, right? The prison. 

Erin Daily: Big prison. Oh, it's like, like, oh, I was gonna say, isn't it like the smallest prison in the world, but I, 

Alicia Floyd: it's now closed and, oh, so it's actually quite large and for me that's very foreign. I've never been to a prison yet. Not quite. And . So getting the tour and learning the history.

Yes. And you know the getting some tips. Yeah. So I realized that for tra travel for me, I like to go to very different places where I'm seeing things that are totally outside of my everyday nice mine. 

Daniel Brett: Temples and prisons. That's 

Alicia Floyd: mine. Temples and prisons are the way to go. , 

Daniel Brett: I would not have put those two together in my favorite vacation category.

Erin Daily: That's why we're doing this. That's why, we get to know everybody's prefer. For 

Alicia Floyd: vacations. There's also an insane amount of wild dogs in that area thing or a bad thing. Where's this? Is this the Mexico one? Or in Mexico? Kingston, not in Kingston, in Mexico. There are dogs everywhere and they're not.

Aggressive in any way. And they're beautiful and they're, is it sad because there's so many, and obviously that's a problem. , but it is very different to go to a place where instead of squirrels, they just have a million 

Erin Daily: dogs. 

Tim Ribaric: Interesting. Thanks for listening to vacation Cast, staff from dsr.

Erin Daily: All right. What about you, Tim? 

Tim Ribaric: Favorite place? Oh, boy. As per usual, I didn't prepare an answer until I just heard the question four minutes ago, so I'll try to be as sappy, as sentimental as the two people I'm following. Sappy, sentimental you were talking about the prism was such a long list, such a reverence in your voice, so you know, sentimental.

I think my most favorite trip would be the time I went to the old country, so that's Croatia. Or her vaka in the Croatian with my parents to see the place where they grew up and were born and all sorts of stuff. So the thing that really is interesting to me with all this is that in their generation where they lived, they had a one room house with no indoor plumbing, no electricity, and Dad would tell me a story.

My grandpa didn't even have an alarm clock, so he just laid in bed and then looked out the window, and when his neighbor got up, that's when he knew he had to get up too. So it was. A generation ago, and there's such a difference. My brother and me had game boys and computers and, diet Coke and pizza and stuff, and my parents had literally at one room house.

So actually going back to see where my parents grew up was probably the best part of, anything. I'm not particularly sentimental with many things, but seeing the house where my mom grew up and where my aunt still lives, and then going to the village where my dad. , but the house is no longer there because it's been knocked down.

So there's a little hatch on the floor or on the ground, I should say. That was where the cellar was. So he piled out of the car and my dad spread his arms wide and said, this is where I grew up. And that was where we stored our potatoes, , and it was quite an experience. And then the, I think I enjoy cuisine a lot, or eating is one of my favorite things to do.

So Croatia, there was a lot of cafes and bakeries. Bakeries like crazy. You wouldn't believe how many bakeries there are all over the place. So it was great to you can go. . The currency unfortunately, is not worth a lot. So if you change some Canadian money into the Kuna they're gonna have euro soon.

But you could get like a beer the size of a gallon and a sandwich the size of your head for three or $4. So it was absolutely great to be able to eat very foreign exotic food while it wasn't particularly exotic cause it was the stuff my parents cooked while we were growing up. But anyways, that was my favorite trip.

Nice. Going to see the old country and eating and drinking too. . Nice. 

Erin Daily: Beer and sandwiches for three or four bucks. Sounds like they're doing it right over 

Tim Ribaric: there. the, just forego the crushing poverty. But the, cheap cafe boy, do they eat well? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. No one. There is want for food, want for other things, but not for food.

Yeah. But 

Erin Daily: that's good. All right. Mine, so my, I'm like Alicia and then I haven't done a ton of traveling but I'd say my favorite. Place that I've been a couple summers ago my partner and I went to dc. We drove we were there for my birthday. My birthday was on the Sunday, and we left on the Friday.

We drove to DC and as much as. The United States is a circus right now, politically wise. It was just really cool to see everything that was there. Like we saw Washington Monument, Lincoln Memorial Jefferson Memorial, like as much as it's crazy there now there's still so much history there and there's so much to see and so much to do, and we walked like crazy.

The people who owned our Airbnb were really nice to us. So that's a highlight. The only part of the trip that I would change if I could was on our way back. We stopped at a McDonald's for breakfast, cuz we had a long trip ahead of us. And this was the day of my birthday, this was the Sunday. So we stopped at McDonald's for breakfast and then we left to keep driving and we didn't realize until about two.

In that I had left my purse at the McDonald's in Pennsylvania, so I didn't have my driver's license. I didn't have my health card, I didn't have any of my money. I also lost the little fidget spinner with the American flag colors that was in there. The worst. But the good thing was that I had my passport, so we were able to get over the border.

But yeah, that was a not so fun. Did you manage to get them to mail it back to you or anything? No, because I didn't, it was just this random McDonald's on the side of the road, like we had no idea where we had been. And I ended up having to go to Service Ontario to get all my ID replaced and the ladies there was, I told her that I was, had lost my driver's license and all my debit and credit cards and stuff, and she was like, oh, what happened?

Did they get stolen? I was like, no, I forgot it at a McDonald's in Pennsylvania. And she was like I wasn't very smart. I was like I didn't do it on purpose. Can I just get my ID replaced, 

Alicia Floyd: please? That's weird. Could totally turn this into. Episode on our experiences with Service Canada.

But yeah, let's not get into that. Get into that. 

Tim Ribaric: Coincidentally we lost a Dora the Explorer hat, a very similar circumstance, but it wasn't Pennsylvania, it was Font Hill. So Dora the Explorer, 

Daniel Brett: that's pretty far away 

Tim Ribaric: Font hill too. 

Erin Daily: That is a big loss. Yeah. No, 

Tim Ribaric: we no. Turn around about our food. Has better 10 minutes away.

Daniel Brett: Can't go back. Can't 

Erin Daily: go back. It's gone forever. 

Tim Ribaric: Dora hats were three for a dollar at that point there's no 

Erin Daily: point going back, but, all so follow up question for the group is, where is a place that you have always wanted to visit somewhere? If you could drop everything right now and just go, where would you go?

Daniel Brett: That's an easy one for me is I've always wanted to go to Antarctica, all just one of the last untouched by human places above the ocean. And that's not a boat, a jungle full of murder bugs. Murder 

Erin Daily: bugs, . 

Daniel Brett: Yeah. So I like the whole idea that. humans don't really interact much with Antarctica except for the odd expedition for research.

And then they do actually have touristy things. They have two two bases. They're called they're not called towns, they're called bases. They have two bases that you can go to for various different things. Like they do hikes, they do ski trips, they do go and just eat your lunch with a bunch of wild penguins.

And the penguins don't care cause they don't know what humans are. And it's just, . 

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. Sounds like you've done some research on this already. . 

Daniel Brett: , my growing up, my goal was to go to every continent. Oh wow. And one of the continents is Antarctica. I don't know. It's true. If you're aware, continent Antarctica's, not just ice.

There's for now there's land under it. Didn't for now. Didn't you know there's actual land under 

there 

Daniel Brett: Till it melts. Not like our ice cap down there. They actually have land underneath it. 

Erin Daily: All right, Alicia. 

Alicia Floyd: I have the pretty standard answer. I always I feel like everybody wants to . That may be possible or Mars at some point, but I know everybody always says they wanna go to Europe, but I've always wanted to go to Europe and specifically I wanna make sure I go to England.

I have ancestors there and I actually. For Christmas, got an ancestry DNA kit, which I'm not gonna get into the 

Tim Ribaric: conversation. Oh my gosh, that's a whole episode right there. That's a whole nother 

Alicia Floyd: candle worms, but, 

Erin Daily: And write that down. We've got Service Ontario and we've got ancestry dna.

Tim Ribaric: Trust me, dear listener they're digital scholarship related. Trust me, there's, 

Alicia Floyd: there are actually some pretty amazing data visualizations once you get your DNA results back. I'm not gonna lie. They are, they're pretty cool. And part of that was that I did end up connecting with some cousins that are still living in England.

And on my husband's side of the family, we have a relative that lives in England. He's actually. In film. So he worked on things like Guardians of the Galaxy and that. So I'm hoping he'll just, he'll put me up there. I've tweeted to him about this. Neil, if you're listening, make the couch up for me.

Aside from the classic answer of wanting to go to Europe. And back to the sappy I was very close to my grandmother growing up. Probably the most amazing woman I've ever met, and might as well say that on International Women's Day, she have unfortunately passed away a number of years ago, but her dream was to go to Alaska.

That's cool. And I don't know the reason why, I don't know. But that was the place she wanted to be, and there was a time when I was. Quite young that all of her children got together and bought her and my grandfather the trip to Alaska. And I don't know what happened, but they didn't go. I'm gonna have to find out why they didn't go.

But I think that for her and just to connect to her in some way, I wanna go to Alaska. Nice. We'll see if that ever happens. That's cool. 

Erin Daily: All 

right. 

Tim Ribaric: What about you two? If I had a freebie, I would cash it in to take my family to Florida again. Unfortunately we couldn't go this year and my kids have not stopped letting me know.

If I had the opportunity to pick up, pick us up anywhere, or pick us up at any time and go, I would say, let's do that. Failing that, my second choice would be to take Shauna. To Europe because she's always wanted to go a particular area, Ireland and Spain. And I can tell you a long story about how I ended up going to Spain, as I mentioned earlier, much to her chagrin.

So I feel totally horrible and bad that I had the opportunity to, but she hasn't. So I want to rectify that nice. In any way possible. So I'm have a jar of quarters underneath the bed that says Spain. Nice and we'll get there one day. But we 

Alicia Floyd: have that in my family too. My husband's been speaking of prisons, , my husband's been to Alcatraz and I really want to see Alcatraz, and now they just discovered that there's tunnels underneath.

That they think were from the Civil War. So I wanna say probably that's, he's been there and it's not fair that he got to go and I didn't. , got to go to 

Daniel Brett: prison. Why don't I get to go 

Alicia Floyd: to prison? Eric, if you're listening, take me 

Daniel Brett: take me to prison. Let's go. Bonnie and Clyde.

Alicia Floyd: It's 

Erin Daily: okay. Aaron, go ahead. All right. Mine, I think I'd want to go somewhere cold For a while I really wanted to go to Iceland because I really wanna see the Northern Lights, and I've heard that Iceland is a good place to do it, but at the risk of sounding like a total hipster, then it became super mainstream to go to Iceland.

And now like now everyone's doing it, so I don't want to do it. So if I could drop everything and go somewhere, the second I'd really wanna go to either Ireland because I've never been, and I have a lot of family there. Or Harry Potter World in Florida. . I really want to go there. Movies and I've never been.

And I love Harry Potter and Yeah, I heard it too. I heard 

Alicia Floyd: Harry Potter World was good too. Yeah, apparently I did. 

Tim Ribaric: They have a prison.

Alicia Floyd: There you go. I'm apparently 37% Irish, so when you go, I'll come with you. All right, sounds good. 

Erin Daily: If you're looking 

Daniel Brett: for Northern Lights that aren't mainstream, I recommend Norway. My, when I was in Norway visiting my mom, then there's a train that goes all the way up to the top of Norway, above the Arctic Circle.

Cool. That was a whole nother thing, camping when the sun doesn't move. It's weird. We've got 

Erin Daily: lots of ideas for future 

Daniel Brett: episodes just in this one conversation. But yeah, right up there, you just have to go at the right time of year. Otherwise it's sunny. Yeah. The entire time we were, we, when we were there, it was three days of noon.

Of, it was noon for three days. It was weird. We had to have a blackout tent. Geez. 

Erin Daily: Yeah. All right. That was good conversation. One thing that I was thinking about as I was coming up with my own responses to these questions is, why haven't I been to this place yet? Sometimes it's a time issue whether I don't have time or.

Can't get the time away. Other things that I wanna save my money for whatever the reason is. I think as fun as it is to fantasize about traveling and seeing all these cool places and landmarks or whatever it is you want to see. Sometimes there are times when you're just not there yet. And that brings us to our main theme for today, which is limitations.

So a big part of preparing for a trip is choosing your travel partner or partners. This can really make or break your trip because you want everybody to be able to enjoy it and get as much out of it as possible. For example, you probably wouldn't want to take somebody with a deathly fear of tigers on a safari trip, but what do you do when you don't realize the person's afraid of tigers until after you've already.

So with that in mind, a big part of our job, in fact, our main job in the DSL involves collaborating with researchers and students to help them take their research and their projects to the next level. We have access to some pretty cool stuff programs and technologies in the dsl, but because technology is always evolving and there's so much that hasn't been discovered or done yet there are times when you have to say no to somebody that you are collaborating with.

Having to say to somebody, it's not that I don't wanna help you, I just can't do what you're imagining for this. Sometimes it's because we don't have access to the technology that's needed or because the technology in general isn't there. So I'm curious to know what or how do you guys think we can highlight how innovative the DSL is while also being realistic about what we can and can't do and recognizing when we're out of our scope?

Wow. Daniel's laughing. , 

Tim Ribaric: there's, there was a bunch of De Niro faces around the table when Erin was talking, so if you review episode one, you'll know what I'm talking about. But yeah perhaps I'll. Oh, maybe I'll respond first with the official party line on this, or not necessarily official party line, perhaps coming from a different perspective.

In my mind, I'm always weighing. Like how much we can go in one direction, how much effort we can put into one particular thing, knowing that we gotta have something to show for it. And then we also gotta be able to not set a precedent that we can't live up to. So if we develop something that's very artisanal and specific and took a lot of effort, and someone comes in the room when we.

haha. Always have to get one of those jokes in. Haha. There's the bingo card. Yeah. Oh yeah. and says can I have one of those? I have to, be able to realistically say, or realistically know to say, no you can't because that took us too long. Or Yeah, sure. Definitely just give us six months and.

Thousands of dollars for a student to be able to put these things together. So I, and I know compounding to this too, is as we're establishing ourself and getting our reputation out in the community, and particularly the broad community, we're grabbing at everything that's coming our way. And I know that's not gonna be a long term strategy.

So yeah I'm really worried about what happens when we'll have to say no, or, I've characterized this as. Which we call it like a game of improv where we're all improv players and we say yes and all the time, no matter what the scenario is. I know at some point we're gonna have to, at some, in some respects, say no, but because, we won't be able to take on everything and unfortunately there will be an initiative that is not directly aligned with what we need to accomplish, but is still a good idea.

Anyways, I think that's what's gonna kill me the first time that happens where we'll have to say, , but come back to us in six months or come back to us in a year or something. So I'm hoping we're a victim of our success because I want definitely that to be the concern in the discussion we're having is we're too busy, we're too popular.

How do we remediate that or how do we get around that? But Naomi's, so having said all of that I'll let everyone else take their turn, but. 

Alicia Floyd: I guess I would say that it's hard to answer this question for me personally right now, just because we're not open and not all of us at this table are in the loop on all of the projects that are being worked on at this time.

So it's a little bit tricky from my background though. I come from a world where I helped researchers every day and my philosophy was that you don't say no. If you can, And you don't have time or it's too big of a project. There's ways to work around it. You can point people in the right direction.

You can give them the resources they need. There's always a way to contribute even if you can't contribute fully at that time. So that's my first thing is my philosophy is, No is not an option. And then my other point I would like to make is that we're just so new. So when people are bringing things to the table, even if we don't have that technology at that time, , I think it opens doors or it sparks an idea that maybe we didn't have.

No, we're not open yet. But if there are people that have ideas or software or technology or projects or research that they wanna do, and we can't do it yet, it's all going on a list and it's something that we can think about and how we can do those things in the future, Daniel? 

Daniel Brett: I'm not saying I spend a lot of my time.

shooting people's ideas out of the air. But I have spent some time doing it and I've been employing Tim's Yes. And strategy that he put into our brains the word that I focus on the most whenever I'm in a situation where somebody's Hey, we're working on a project. This is something I want to do.

The key word that I focus on is, yet I say we can't do that yet. Unfortunately, that's not something that we have available yet. But what I can do for you is this. So the big projects I'm working on right now, one of the researchers I'm working with, they've got these big ideas and I was like, right now this is what we can offer you.

This is what we can do, but in the future we will be able to do this. Or if you search through this avenue I'll point them in the right direction. Like you were saying, Alicia, that you have to give them other options cuz if you, if. On on a roll. They've got that, those mental juices flowing.

They've got this great idea. It's building. You don't want to stop that cuz if you try and stop it, it's like trying to stop a river. You just can't do it. You've gotta divert it. So my strategy is help them where I can. and point them in the right direction where I can A, and that's what I think we're gonna end up doing the most, is just helping where we can and making sure that we have enough knowledge of other resources out there.

Not necessarily ones that are ours, but things that we can point people to and say, Hey, this and that. Because in the end, the DSL is part of the larger Brock community and within. There is somebody to solve pretty much any problem, not necessarily us, but in the community. So we definitely can't just try and solve everything ourselves because we don't have to.

We are, we promote this whole idea of collaboration and that's something that we need to think about as well for ourselves is we're not trying to answer all of these persons, all these people's problems. We are doing what we can for them, providing our. and then connect them to the other services that will help them finish or move forwards with their goals.

Erin Daily: Just to add a final thought onto that. I have a big part of collaborating, which is what we do in the DSL, is cooperating and recognizing that this project is just as important to the other person as it is to you. And I think acknowledging that and keeping this in mind that this person isn't necessarily trying to cause problems and trying to come up with roadblocks like I think.

It's a matter of remembering that this project is important to the other person as well, and to, cooperate so that so that everybody can get what they want out of this project. Like with a road trip, 

Alicia Floyd: speaking of 

Erin Daily: witch. Nice. Sometimes. Wow. When you're traveling. I know. Expert segue.

That's great. Sometimes when you're traveling, things don't go as planned. Sometimes you get hopelessly lost in a foreign country or you run out of gas or someone throws up in the backseat or you forget your wallet at a McDonald's in Pennsylvania, . And so at the risk of sounding like a job interviewer, I'm curious to know about a time that this has happened to any of you, whether you were the person asking for help or the person providing help, just a time when things didn't really go the way you thought they were going to and how you think that kind of experience is relevant to what we're doing here in the dsl.

Tim Ribaric: Is it? Is it while traveling is No. No. No. Okay. 

Erin Daily: It can be, but just a time like in your professional life or your personal life when you were either providing somebody with help or asking for help and things just didn't go the way you thought they would and how you think it's. , it'll help once when the DSL does open.

In your experience. 

Daniel Brett: Oh boy. I run into a lot of situations like that. At my last job my last job was as a fire monitoring dispatcher, so it was a little bit of a high stress environment. Although they were very kind in making sure it was as comfortable as possible for us. But when I was first starting out, I ran into situations quite often where I had no idea, answer the phone and it's an emergency, and this is somebody who I either couldn't understand.

I didn't know what they needed, what they wanted, and I was just lost. It's like this is an emergency. I need to do something now. Very high pressure and I have no idea what to do and you can't. Put them on hold and say, Hey, could somebody else solve this person's problem? Because everybody else is already solving emergencies for other people.

So that, that mental block where it's just like your brain shuts down, you can't think of where to go next you're completely lost. You have to learn to stop, take a. Look at the resources you have in front of you and then step back and then reassess work forward again. . And it's really unpleasant and jarring and it doesn't feel good.

But I feel like it's extremely important because every time you hit one of those, you get a little bit better at handling it. You get better at stopping, reassessing, and then coming at it from a different direction, moving forwards. And I feel like that's a very important thing. I, when you're traveling and you get lost, Don't panic, stop.

Look at your resources. Reassess. Where am I? Figure out, orient yourself and then keep going. . 

Erin Daily: Yeah. I think not panicking is the key. For me, I haven't been in a lot of situations where I've been the person providing help, but I've asked for help in a lot of situations and I think. , the important thing for me anyway, has been not to get discouraged when things don't go the way I'm expecting them to.

As a student, there are a lot of times where I have to ask for help on an assignment. I'm not really sure what you're asking for here. Can you clarify it? And sometimes professors are great and they're totally willing to work through it with you, and sometimes they're not so great and they, give you a one word answer and then send you on your way.

So I. the key there. And one thing that I've learned is that if you don't get what you're expecting, if I go to a professor expecting help and I don't get it, is to think about other things that I can do. Okay, this professor wasn't very helpful. Is there anybody else that I can talk to? And if not, then just go forward as best you can.

And. . Keep moving. Figure it out. , you're looking at me now, huh? . . 

Alicia Floyd: I feel, I find this to be a in depth and tricky question, and I feel that the longer you're in the workforce, the more flavor you would add to your answer. I'm not sure if that's a good flavor or bad flavor. So as a little note before I make my comment, in case I say anything weird, keep in mind I've only been here at Brock for a year, so probably most of my comments aren't related to this workplace.

I've been in both positions of helping people, like I alluded to earlier. I spent used, I spent years of my career working with researchers and helping them, and I had, staff and volunteers under me, and I always wanted to remain open. And not stifle creativity. And sometimes you do have people that come to you and there's something that they know that they want, especially when it's any kind of research where they know what they want the answer to be.

So they want the exact thing that they're looking for and you just don't have it. It's always tricky. So being in the level of maybe a supervisory position I think my, even though you come across stumbling blocks, I always wanna try to work something out so that again, you're not saying no. And then taking it to the flip side and being, no matter what level you're at, you always have a supervisor.

So there's always someone above you. . And I think for a number of years, starting out there's so many times when you have an idea or you start a project and you start and you get some really great momentum and you can see how it's gonna turn out, and then you've got that person who's saying no.

So I, that to me is a roadblock and it's been a roadblock that I think has shaped me in my professional life that I've. Like you said, there's some things that you end up having to work through. And for me it's knowing if I have an idea, knowing when I should actually express it and when I shouldn't. And I find that I'm, I tend to hold back of expressing my ideas because I'm so busy waiting for the right time and worried that the person's gonna say, no, it's not a good idea.

And that happened over time, so I've gotta try to figure that one out. I recently had a supervisor. Who her mantra always seemed to be, why not? So I'd go to her with an idea and she'd say, and I'd say, oh, I know we can't, probably can't do it because of this or this or, and she'd be like why not?

Why can't we? Let's think about the reasons people will say why we can't do it, and then let's attack those head on first. And that's something that I'm trying to. To bring into my workplace now and when I think about new projects and new ideas, it's try to think why not so nice? Get my answer 

Tim Ribaric: for that.

I won't go into too many details cuz you guys have had, have brought up and communicated a very nice touching story. So I don't want to. I try to throw my darkest timeline on everything, which I tend to do, but, oh boy. Darkest. This one for the darkest timeline. Darkest timeline. Yeah. I'll throw that to community.

The TV show, that's where I pick that up. . The only thing that I'll mention with respect to this is that I really enjoy triaging stuff. My first job, like as a team was like working in a Canadian tire, so like answering questions of I need to fix this thing, and there's this weird obscure part, and I'm like, oh yeah, I know where that is.

Come on over and we'll take a look. I love the extension of that through the reference. Interaction or the reference question and then I've spent most of my life here up until about a few months ago, helping people that have electronic access problems or technology woes trying to get to stuff.

And the best part of the gig is when someone thinks they have a very complicated question that sort of. They're preparing for they're gonna have to deliver a long explanation, and you can sense in their candor and their way. It's okay, here's the situation and I've got to paint the picture for this guy so that he can pick up exactly what's going on, and hopefully at the end he'll understand what I'm asking.

And then, When I can shortcut that process to say, oh, yeah, I know exactly what you mean, let's take care of it. And then they go away with their concern addressed, feeling great about the situation. And the fact that, sometimes, particularly I find here with research and performing research is that you get all by yourself.

Sometimes you get stuck on an island. That's where you're. , you have some things that only are relevant to you, you're working on, and the rest of humanity is out on the horizon. And then like anytime you have to break from that is jarring because you want to stay on that island for as shorter time as possible.

So you don't wanna go back to humanity and come back to this island and be stuck trying to turn through things. So helping people stay. Helping people stay on that island or helping people not needing to jump, bounce back and focus on their work is very rewarding thing for me. So I, I hope in Ex by Extension, and I realize when I said short answer, I'm going well beyond a short answer.

But as the dsl d sort of expands and goes farther along and we become a pivotal portion of this, that I can do that same sort of thing where someone comes in, oh, I've had this really interesting island I want to build for myself in the middle of the Pacific. How do I get there? And then I can provide them with a pallet made of, empty plastic bottles and push them out into the water and say, yep, no, I know exactly where you want to go and you can get there in this.

So anyways, that's my answer to that. Nice. 

Erin Daily: All right. Speaking of pushing people into the middle of nowhere, sometimes when you're on a trip, you have to deal with backseat drivers. No matter how well you've planned for your trip and how much research you've done. Occasionally you run into somebody who is convinced that they know more and they try to take over the driving or the planning.

So when you're in a car, you can just threaten to leave these people on the side of the road. But in the DSL, we can't do. I think a lot of the time people see all the cool things that can be done with technology, so they think, Hey, this is realistic and I'm gonna do it when in fact it's not and they can't.

I'm not sure if you guys have really experienced a backseat driver in the DSL yet, but whether you're speaking from experience or hypothetically, how do you think we should handle drivers, people who try to take over calmly 

Daniel Brett: and logically by saying all. Close your mouth, sit down and let's have a not quite in those words, wrong answer in a very polite way, you say, unfortunately we cannot do the thing that you want us to do.

I'm definitely not speaking from experience in the last couple weeks. , we cannot do this thing that you want to do. instead. Let's do this other thing. I know you think that we, this technology does the thing you want it to do. Unfortunately, our instance of this technology does not do that. You're thinking of a previous version . It's getting a little too close to reality here. , 

Tim Ribaric: what I would say is that we need to be pragmatic about things. We can't be idealistic, so it's, you keep that in mind. So we want to do everything and be everything to everyone, unfortunately. Impossible. And I think understanding and recognizing you have limits is what's so compelling.

Brief digression, Superman versus Spider-Man. People love Spider-Man because he's got limitations. He's got a tough role, he's got a, his life is difficult depending on what era the story is from. It's more compelling. Superman, a guy that can do anything and is invulnerable, is not compelling.

And no one's interested in Superman. . I say that with a bit of gastrics. I know Daniel's glaring down at me. He's probably got samples of both sides where I'm wrong and correct, but the idea is that's another podcast. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. The list. Another podcast. One for the list. That's a figure podcast.

That's also a bingo. Bingo. That's another podcast. That's another podcast. . So in any case, to get back, circle around, back to the question. Yeah, we gotta be pragmatic. And that's all I'm going to say about that. And I think, Aaron, you should answer one of these questions cuz you're flopping these on us quite readily.

These are 

Daniel Brett: getting pretty 

Tim Ribaric: heavy too. Yeah, 

Erin Daily: that's that's what I was going for. It was so light and 

Daniel Brett: fluffy at the start. . Where did the clouds go? , 

Erin Daily: Backseat drivers. I think a general good way to handle things is just as politely and as calmly as possible, whether you're in a car or in the dsl.

I think, I'm from the. knowledge. I believe that I'm not necessarily smarter than anybody and I don't necessarily know more about anything than anyone. So I'm always willing to accept ideas to relate back to the road tripping example. If we're driving a certain way and somebody says, oh, if you turn here, we can get there faster, if it's something that's harmless like that, like I'm always willing to cooperate and find common ground and be like, all right, we'll do it your way this time. But then, and then that kind of opens up an opportunity to say, okay, we did it your way last time. Now let's try doing it my way.

That way everybody feels like they're being heard and everybody feels. They're being included and they've got a part in this, but nobody's superior to anybody. That's my strategy for dealing with those kinds of situations. 

Alicia Floyd: I think that's well said, and it's close to kind of something that I was going to say.

We mentioned in one of our first or second podcasts that, we're in an academic environment, which is like an idea factory. And every single person in this building brings something to the. And without getting too philosophical about all of it, I think that it takes a really strong, intelligent person to be able to say.

To appreciate the knowledge that other people bring to the table. . And even if you're not seeing what they're saying in that moment, whatever they're bringing to the table is just as relevant as what you have to offer. Yeah. Just sitting around this table, there's such a huge variation in background and we all have our strengths and we all have our weaknesses, but together we can, form this team.

So I think that what you were saying is pretty. 

Erin Daily: Nice. All right. So I'll finish off with just a question that doesn't necessarily have anything to do with road trips, but more just looking for ideas here. Those of you who are listening and are unaware, I'm two-thirds of the way through my M L I S or Master of Library Information Science degree.

So when I tell people what I'm in school for or what my career aspirations are, something that I hear a lot is, technology's super advanced. Aren't libraries obsolete? So the DSL is its own initiative, but it does have roots in the library here at Brock. So now that we've talked a bit about technological limitations and how to handle them, I'm curious to know how you guys feel about the idea that technology is making libraries obsolete, and if you have any, Suggestions for snappy comebacks to the naysayers.

Tim Ribaric: Yeah. You want a singer in your 

Erin Daily: pocket? Ready for that one? It's, I've been trying to think of a good, like one-liner that I can just whip out, but no, nothing's coming to me. So if there are any 

Tim Ribaric: suggestions here's the nuclear, what I'll present as the nuclear option. That I often think about in our context, with the public library, it goes without saying, you just need to walk into a public library to see all the interesting, amazing, useful things that it does.

There's no question about anyone that doesn't say that has not spent time in a public library. So have you 

Erin Daily: been in a library 

Tim Ribaric: recently? There you go. That works too. But in our circumstance, I always think every once in a while, like our off-campus electronic, Runs through a system called Easy Proxy.

So every once in a while, I think for one week of the year, I'm going to mess about with the login system for that to make everyone wait like maybe 20 seconds to watch a pre-roll little commercial that says this. Is brought to you by the Brock University Library, which has an annual budget of x millions of dollars.

And without their extensive help and coordination, you would have to pay $40 to get access to this article. So that would be my, that would be my zinger if I could create a zinger. Is that pre-roll ad for when you're trying to use these proxy here? It's 

Daniel Brett: an aggressive zinger. , yeah. It's 

Erin Daily: very wordy too.

Tim Ribaric: It's not very no it's, as with everything that I do, it's very verbose and wordy and long and and now I'm gonna stop talking. 

Erin Daily: Yeah, it's good though. Just distract them with words and then they leave you alone. Other suggestions? 

Alicia Floyd: The only thing I, if I was trying to think of a zinger, I would say maybe without knowledge and without libraries there would be no technology, all right. 

Erin Daily: I like that. Anyone else? No. Dana you got nothing? 

Daniel Brett: I would just say libraries aren't just. . Everyone's got this thing in their head. They're like, oh, technology is here. We don't need books. It's okay. A library is a hell of a lot more than just books on a shelf. They run all sorts of community outreach, lots of programs, that sort of thing.

Like these librarians are trained in all of this. And on top of that, it's not just books. They also do digital archiving, digitization, like these are what libraries are now. They're not. Walk in, get book, walk out. They have public computers for people who can't afford computers. , all sorts of other services that I'm sure you could find on your local library's website.

Tim Ribaric: All right, appreciate that. Will they give you a kickback every time you mention the 

Daniel Brett: public library ? Yes. Yes. Full disclosure, I am marrying a librarian at a public library. 

Erin Daily: There you go. All right. That was good. I appreciate the discussion and the acknowledgement that just like a trip, sometimes we face challenges in the DSL and that it's important to work through these challenges by cooperating, being patient, not panick.

And if we remember all these things, we can enjoy smooth sailing going forward.

So this is the part of the show where we promote and talk about upcoming events. We've got some workshops coming up. We've got Daniel hosting intro to R citation Management with Zotero and Intro to Power bi, hosted by yours truly. For a full list of workshops or to RSVP to any of the workshops that I just mentioned, go to the DSL website or you can check out experience bu.

I also wanna mention that later this afternoon and all next week, the DSL will have a display in the Learning Commons in the Brock Library that will be lovingly set up by Alicia and myself. So be sure to stop by to see some information about what we're doing in the DSL and also some visualizations about our favorite digital scholarship.

Example, the Agatha Christi Dementia Study. Woo. Also a bit of shameless self-promotion here, but check out the blog series that I've been writing since I started my placement here. If you are interested in reading my real and unfiltered thoughts about life as a DSL intern the po, the posts are all featured on the DSL website as.

And I think that's all I got. So we will drop our anchor here. If you wanna chat more with us about technological limitations and innovations, or if you wanna share your own road trip or vacation story, can send us a note@dslbrock.ca. Or you can find us on just about every social media platform, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, and of course MAs it on 2, 2, 2, 2.

